---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_forwarding_request Action - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Instructs Stripe to make a request on your behalf using the destination URL. The destination URL
  is activated by Stripe at the time of onboarding. Stripe verifies requests with your credentials
  provided during onboarding, and injects card details from the payment_method into the request.
  Stripe redacts all sensitive fields and headers, including authentication credentials and card numbers,
  before storing the request and response data in the forwarding Request object, which are subject to a
  30-day retention period.
  You can provide a Stripe idempotency key to make sure that requests with the same key result in only one
  outbound request. The Stripe idempotency key provided should be unique and different from any idempotency
  keys provided on the underlying third-party request.
  Forwarding Requests are synchronous requests that return a response or time out according to
  Stripe’s limits.
  Related guide: Forward card details to third-party API endpoints https://docs.stripe.com/payments/forwarding.
---

# stripe_forwarding_request (Action)

Instructs Stripe to make a request on your behalf using the destination URL. The destination URL
is activated by Stripe at the time of onboarding. Stripe verifies requests with your credentials
provided during onboarding, and injects card details from the payment_method into the request.

Stripe redacts all sensitive fields and headers, including authentication credentials and card numbers,
before storing the request and response data in the forwarding Request object, which are subject to a
30-day retention period.

You can provide a Stripe idempotency key to make sure that requests with the same key result in only one
outbound request. The Stripe idempotency key provided should be unique and different from any idempotency
keys provided on the underlying third-party request.

Forwarding Requests are synchronous requests that return a response or time out according to
Stripe’s limits.

Related guide: [Forward card details to third-party API endpoints](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/forwarding).



<!-- action schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `payment_method` (String) The PaymentMethod to insert into the forwarded request. Forwarding previously consumed PaymentMethods is allowed.
- `replacements` (List of String) The field kinds to be replaced in the forwarded request.
- `url` (String) The destination URL for the forwarded request. Must be supported by the config.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `request` (Attributes) The request body and headers to be sent to the destination endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request))

<a id="nestedatt--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request`

Optional:

- `body` (String) The body payload to send to the destination endpoint.
- `headers` (Attributes List) The headers to include in the forwarded request. Can be omitted if no additional headers (excluding Stripe-generated ones such as the Content-Type header) should be included. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request--headers))

<a id="nestedatt--request--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request.headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header name.
- `value` (String) The header value.
