---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_treasury_outbound_payment Action - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use OutboundPayments https://docs.stripe.com/docs/treasury/moving-money/financial-accounts/out-of/outbound-payments to send funds to another party's external bank account or FinancialAccount https://api.stripe.com#financial_accounts. To send money to an account belonging to the same user, use an OutboundTransfer https://api.stripe.com#outbound_transfers.
  Simulate OutboundPayment state changes with the /v1/test_helpers/treasury/outbound_payments endpoints. These methods can only be called on test mode objects.
  Related guide: Moving money with Treasury using OutboundPayment objects https://docs.stripe.com/docs/treasury/moving-money/financial-accounts/out-of/outbound-payments
---

# stripe_treasury_outbound_payment (Action)

Use [OutboundPayments](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/treasury/moving-money/financial-accounts/out-of/outbound-payments) to send funds to another party's external bank account or [FinancialAccount](https://api.stripe.com#financial_accounts). To send money to an account belonging to the same user, use an [OutboundTransfer](https://api.stripe.com#outbound_transfers).

Simulate OutboundPayment state changes with the `/v1/test_helpers/treasury/outbound_payments` endpoints. These methods can only be called on test mode objects.

Related guide: [Moving money with Treasury using OutboundPayment objects](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/treasury/moving-money/financial-accounts/out-of/outbound-payments)



<!-- action schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `amount` (Number) Amount (in cents) transferred.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `financial_account` (String) The FinancialAccount that funds were pulled from.

### Optional

- `customer` (String) ID of the [customer](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers) to whom an OutboundPayment is sent.
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users.
- `destination_payment_method` (String) The PaymentMethod via which an OutboundPayment is sent. This field can be empty if the OutboundPayment was created using `destination_payment_method_data`.
- `destination_payment_method_data` (Attributes) Hash used to generate the PaymentMethod to be used for this OutboundPayment. Exclusive with `destination_payment_method`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data))
- `destination_payment_method_options` (Attributes) Payment method-specific configuration for this OutboundPayment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_payment_method_options))
- `end_user_details` (Attributes) Details about the end user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--end_user_details))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `statement_descriptor` (String) The description that appears on the receiving end for an OutboundPayment (for example, bank statement for external bank transfer).

<a id="nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_payment_method_data`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the PaymentMethod. An additional hash is included on the PaymentMethod with a name matching this value. It contains additional information specific to the PaymentMethod type.

Optional:

- `billing_details` (Attributes) Billing information associated with the PaymentMethod that may be used or required by particular types of payment methods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data--billing_details))
- `financial_account` (String) Required if type is set to `financial_account`. The FinancialAccount ID to send funds to.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `us_bank_account` (Attributes) Required hash if type is set to `us_bank_account`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data--us_bank_account))

<a id="nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data--billing_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_payment_method_data.billing_details`

Optional:

- `address` (Attributes) Billing address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data--billing_details--address))
- `email` (String) Email address.
- `name` (String) Full name.
- `phone` (String) Billing phone number (including extension).

<a id="nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data--billing_details--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_payment_method_data.billing_details.address`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).



<a id="nestedatt--destination_payment_method_data--us_bank_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_payment_method_data.us_bank_account`

Optional:

- `account_holder_type` (String) Account holder type: individual or company.
- `account_number` (String) Account number of the bank account.
- `account_type` (String) Account type: checkings or savings. Defaults to checking if omitted.
- `financial_connections_account` (String) The ID of a Financial Connections Account to use as a payment method.
- `routing_number` (String) Routing number of the bank account.



<a id="nestedatt--destination_payment_method_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_payment_method_options`

Optional:

- `us_bank_account` (Attributes) Optional fields for `us_bank_account`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_payment_method_options--us_bank_account))

<a id="nestedatt--destination_payment_method_options--us_bank_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_payment_method_options.us_bank_account`

Optional:

- `network` (String) Specifies the network rails to be used. If not set, will default to the PaymentMethod's preferred network. See the [docs](https://docs.stripe.com/treasury/money-movement/timelines) to learn more about money movement timelines for each network type.



<a id="nestedatt--end_user_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `end_user_details`

Required:

- `present` (Boolean) `true` if the OutboundPayment creation request is being made on behalf of an end user by a platform. Otherwise, `false`.

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address of the user initiating the OutboundPayment. Set if `present` is set to `true`. IP address collection is required for risk and compliance reasons. This will be used to help determine if the OutboundPayment is authorized or should be blocked.
