---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_checkout_session Ephemeral Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Checkout Session represents your customer's session as they pay for
  one-time purchases or subscriptions through Checkout https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout
  or Payment Links https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-links. We recommend creating a
  new Session each time your customer attempts to pay.
  Once payment is successful, the Checkout Session will contain a reference
  to the Customer https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers, and either the successful
  PaymentIntent https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents or an active
  Subscription https://docs.stripe.com/api/subscriptions.
  You can create a Checkout Session on your server and redirect to its URL
  to begin Checkout.
  Related guide: Checkout quickstart https://docs.stripe.com/checkout/quickstart
---

# stripe_checkout_session (Ephemeral Resource)

A Checkout Session represents your customer's session as they pay for
one-time purchases or subscriptions through [Checkout](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout)
or [Payment Links](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-links). We recommend creating a
new Session each time your customer attempts to pay.

Once payment is successful, the Checkout Session will contain a reference
to the [Customer](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers), and either the successful
[PaymentIntent](https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents) or an active
[Subscription](https://docs.stripe.com/api/subscriptions).

You can create a Checkout Session on your server and redirect to its URL
to begin Checkout.

Related guide: [Checkout quickstart](https://docs.stripe.com/checkout/quickstart)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `adaptive_pricing` (Attributes) Settings for price localization with [Adaptive Pricing](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/adaptive-pricing). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--adaptive_pricing))
- `after_expiration` (Attributes) When set, provides configuration for actions to take if this Checkout Session expires. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--after_expiration))
- `allow_promotion_codes` (Boolean) Enables user redeemable promotion codes.
- `automatic_tax` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automatic_tax))
- `billing_address_collection` (String) Describes whether Checkout should collect the customer's billing address. Defaults to `auto`.
- `branding_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branding_settings))
- `cancel_url` (String) If set, Checkout displays a back button and customers will be directed to this URL if they decide to cancel payment and return to your website.
- `client_reference_id` (String) A unique string to reference the Checkout Session. This can be a
customer ID, a cart ID, or similar, and can be used to reconcile the
Session with your internal systems.
- `collected_information` (Attributes) Information about the customer collected within the Checkout Session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collected_information))
- `consent_collection` (Attributes) When set, provides configuration for the Checkout Session to gather active consent from customers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consent_collection))
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `custom_fields` (Attributes List) Collect additional information from your customer using custom fields. Up to 3 fields are supported. You can't set this parameter if `ui_mode` is `custom`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `custom_text` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text))
- `customer` (String) The ID of the customer for this Session.
For Checkout Sessions in `subscription` mode or Checkout Sessions with `customer_creation` set as `always` in `payment` mode, Checkout
will create a new customer object based on information provided
during the payment flow unless an existing customer was provided when
the Session was created.
- `customer_account` (String) The ID of the account for this Session.
- `customer_creation` (String) Configure whether a Checkout Session creates a Customer when the Checkout Session completes.
- `customer_email` (String) If provided, this value will be used when the Customer object is created.
If not provided, customers will be asked to enter their email address.
Use this parameter to prefill customer data if you already have an email
on file. To access information about the customer once the payment flow is
complete, use the `customer` attribute.
- `customer_update` (Attributes) Controls what fields on Customer can be updated by the Checkout Session. Can only be provided when `customer` is provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_update))
- `discounts` (Attributes List) List of coupons and promotion codes attached to the Checkout Session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discounts))
- `excluded_payment_method_types` (List of String) A list of the types of payment methods (e.g., `card`) that should be excluded from this Checkout Session. This should only be used when payment methods for this Checkout Session are managed through the [Stripe Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/payment_methods).
- `expires_at` (Number) The timestamp at which the Checkout Session will expire.
- `integration_identifier` (String) The integration identifier for this Checkout Session. Multiple Checkout Sessions can have the same integration identifier.
- `invoice_creation` (Attributes) Details on the state of invoice creation for the Checkout Session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation))
- `line_items` (Attributes List) The line items purchased by the customer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items))
- `locale` (String) The IETF language tag of the locale Checkout is displayed in. If blank or `auto`, the browser's locale is used.
- `managed_payments` (Attributes) Settings for Managed Payments for this Checkout Session and resulting [PaymentIntents](/api/payment_intents/object), [Invoices](/api/invoices/object), and [Subscriptions](/api/subscriptions/object). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_payments))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the Checkout Session.
- `name_collection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_collection))
- `optional_items` (Attributes List) The optional items presented to the customer at checkout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--optional_items))
- `origin_context` (String) Where the user is coming from. This informs the optimizations that are applied to the session.
- `payment_intent_data` (Attributes) A subset of parameters to be passed to PaymentIntent creation for Checkout Sessions in `payment` mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_intent_data))
- `payment_method_collection` (String) Configure whether a Checkout Session should collect a payment method. Defaults to `always`.
- `payment_method_configuration` (String) The ID of the payment method configuration to use with this Checkout session.
- `payment_method_data` (Attributes) This parameter allows you to set some attributes on the payment method created during a Checkout session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_data))
- `payment_method_options` (Attributes) Payment-method-specific configuration for the PaymentIntent or SetupIntent of this CheckoutSession. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options))
- `payment_method_types` (List of String) A list of the types of payment methods (e.g. card) this Checkout
Session is allowed to accept.
- `permissions` (Attributes) This property is used to set up permissions for various actions (e.g., update) on the CheckoutSession object.

For specific permissions, please refer to their dedicated subsections, such as `permissions.update_shipping_details`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `phone_number_collection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone_number_collection))
- `redirect_on_completion` (String) This parameter applies to `ui_mode: embedded_page`. Learn more about the [redirect behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/custom-success-page?payment-ui=embedded-form) of embedded sessions. Defaults to `always`.
- `return_url` (String) Applies to Checkout Sessions with `ui_mode: embedded_page` or `ui_mode: elements`. The URL to redirect your customer back to after they authenticate or cancel their payment on the payment method's app or site.
- `saved_payment_method_options` (Attributes) Controls saved payment method settings for the session. Only available in `payment` and `subscription` mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saved_payment_method_options))
- `setup_intent_data` (Attributes) A subset of parameters to be passed to SetupIntent creation for Checkout Sessions in `setup` mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--setup_intent_data))
- `shipping_address_collection` (Attributes) When set, provides configuration for Checkout to collect a shipping address from a customer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_address_collection))
- `shipping_options` (Attributes List) The shipping rate options applied to this Session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options))
- `submit_type` (String) Describes the type of transaction being performed by Checkout in order to customize
relevant text on the page, such as the submit button. `submit_type` can only be
specified on Checkout Sessions in `payment` mode. If blank or `auto`, `pay` is used.
- `subscription_data` (Attributes) A subset of parameters to be passed to subscription creation for Checkout Sessions in `subscription` mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data))
- `success_url` (String) The URL the customer will be directed to after the payment or
subscription creation is successful.
- `tax_id_collection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tax_id_collection))
- `ui_mode` (String) The UI mode of the Session. Defaults to `hosted_page`.
- `wallet_options` (Attributes) Wallet-specific configuration for this Checkout Session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wallet_options))

### Read-Only

- `amount_subtotal` (Number) Total of all items before discounts or taxes are applied.
- `amount_total` (Number) Total of all items after discounts and taxes are applied.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret of your Checkout Session. Applies to Checkout Sessions with `ui_mode: embedded_page` or `ui_mode: elements`. For `ui_mode: embedded_page`, the client secret is to be used when initializing Stripe.js embedded checkout.
 For `ui_mode: elements`, use the client secret with [initCheckout](https://docs.stripe.com/js/custom_checkout/init) on your front end.
- `consent` (Attributes) Results of `consent_collection` for this session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consent))
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `currency_conversion` (Attributes) Currency conversion details for [Adaptive Pricing](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/adaptive-pricing) sessions created before 2025-03-31. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency_conversion))
- `customer_details` (Attributes) The customer details including the customer's tax exempt status and the customer's tax IDs. Customer's address details are not present on Sessions in `setup` mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_details))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `invoice` (String) ID of the invoice created by the Checkout Session, if it exists.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `payment_intent` (String) The ID of the PaymentIntent for Checkout Sessions in `payment` mode. You can't confirm or cancel the PaymentIntent for a Checkout Session. To cancel, [expire the Checkout Session](https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkout/sessions/expire) instead.
- `payment_link` (String) The ID of the Payment Link that created this Session.
- `payment_method_configuration_details` (Attributes) Information about the payment method configuration used for this Checkout session if using dynamic payment methods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_configuration_details))
- `payment_status` (String) The payment status of the Checkout Session, one of `paid`, `unpaid`, or `no_payment_required`.
You can use this value to decide when to fulfill your customer's order.
- `presentment_details` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--presentment_details))
- `recovered_from` (String) The ID of the original expired Checkout Session that triggered the recovery flow.
- `setup_intent` (String) The ID of the SetupIntent for Checkout Sessions in `setup` mode. You can't confirm or cancel the SetupIntent for a Checkout Session. To cancel, [expire the Checkout Session](https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkout/sessions/expire) instead.
- `shipping_cost` (Attributes) The details of the customer cost of shipping, including the customer chosen ShippingRate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_cost))
- `status` (String) The status of the Checkout Session, one of `open`, `complete`, or `expired`.
- `subscription` (String) The ID of the [Subscription](https://docs.stripe.com/api/subscriptions) for Checkout Sessions in `subscription` mode.
- `total_details` (Attributes) Tax and discount details for the computed total amount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details))
- `url` (String) The URL to the Checkout Session. Applies to Checkout Sessions with `ui_mode: hosted_page`. Redirect customers to this URL to take them to Checkout. If you’re using [Custom Domains](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/custom-domains), the URL will use your subdomain. Otherwise, it’ll use `checkout.stripe.com.`
This value is only present when the session is active.

<a id="nestedatt--adaptive_pricing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `adaptive_pricing`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If enabled, Adaptive Pricing is available on [eligible sessions](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/currencies/localize-prices/adaptive-pricing?payment-ui=stripe-hosted#restrictions).


<a id="nestedatt--after_expiration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `after_expiration`

Optional:

- `recovery` (Attributes) When set, configuration used to recover the Checkout Session on expiry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--after_expiration--recovery))

<a id="nestedatt--after_expiration--recovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `after_expiration.recovery`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, a recovery url will be generated to recover this Checkout Session if it
expires before a transaction is completed. It will be attached to the
Checkout Session object upon expiration.

Optional:

- `allow_promotion_codes` (Boolean) Enables user redeemable promotion codes on the recovered Checkout Sessions. Defaults to `false`

Read-Only:

- `expires_at` (Number) The timestamp at which the recovery URL will expire.
- `url` (String) URL that creates a new Checkout Session when clicked that is a copy of this expired Checkout Session



<a id="nestedatt--automatic_tax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automatic_tax`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether automatic tax is enabled for the session

Optional:

- `liability` (Attributes) The account that's liable for tax. If set, the business address and tax registrations required to perform the tax calculation are loaded from this account. The tax transaction is returned in the report of the connected account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automatic_tax--liability))

Read-Only:

- `provider` (String) The tax provider powering automatic tax.
- `status` (String) The status of the most recent automated tax calculation for this session.

<a id="nestedatt--automatic_tax--liability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automatic_tax.liability`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--branding_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branding_settings`

Optional:

- `background_color` (String) A hex color value starting with `#` representing the background color for the Checkout Session.
- `border_style` (String) The border style for the Checkout Session. Must be one of `rounded`, `rectangular`, or `pill`.
- `button_color` (String) A hex color value starting with `#` representing the button color for the Checkout Session.
- `display_name` (String) The display name shown on the Checkout Session.
- `font_family` (String) The font family for the Checkout Session. Must be one of the [supported font families](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/customization/appearance?payment-ui=stripe-hosted#font-compatibility).
- `icon` (Attributes) The icon for the Checkout Session. You cannot set both `logo` and `icon`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branding_settings--icon))
- `logo` (Attributes) The logo for the Checkout Session. You cannot set both `logo` and `icon`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branding_settings--logo))

<a id="nestedatt--branding_settings--icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branding_settings.icon`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of image for the icon. Must be one of `file` or `url`.

Optional:

- `file` (String) The ID of a [File upload](https://stripe.com/docs/api/files) representing the icon. Purpose must be `business_icon`. Required if `type` is `file` and disallowed otherwise.
- `url` (String) The URL of the image. Present when `type` is `url`.


<a id="nestedatt--branding_settings--logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branding_settings.logo`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of image for the logo. Must be one of `file` or `url`.

Optional:

- `file` (String) The ID of a [File upload](https://stripe.com/docs/api/files) representing the logo. Purpose must be `business_logo`. Required if `type` is `file` and disallowed otherwise.
- `url` (String) The URL of the image. Present when `type` is `url`.



<a id="nestedatt--collected_information"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collected_information`

Optional:

- `shipping_details` (Attributes) Shipping information for this Checkout Session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collected_information--shipping_details))

Read-Only:

- `business_name` (String) Customer’s business name for this Checkout Session
- `individual_name` (String) Customer’s individual name for this Checkout Session

<a id="nestedatt--collected_information--shipping_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collected_information.shipping_details`

Optional:

- `address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collected_information--shipping_details--address))
- `name` (String) Customer name.

<a id="nestedatt--collected_information--shipping_details--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collected_information.shipping_details.address`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).




<a id="nestedatt--consent_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consent_collection`

Optional:

- `payment_method_reuse_agreement` (Attributes) If set to `hidden`, it will hide legal text related to the reuse of a payment method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consent_collection--payment_method_reuse_agreement))
- `promotions` (String) If set to `auto`, enables the collection of customer consent for promotional communications. The Checkout
Session will determine whether to display an option to opt into promotional communication
from the merchant depending on the customer's locale. Only available to US merchants and US customers.
- `terms_of_service` (String) If set to `required`, it requires customers to accept the terms of service before being able to pay.

<a id="nestedatt--consent_collection--payment_method_reuse_agreement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consent_collection.payment_method_reuse_agreement`

Required:

- `position` (String) Determines the position and visibility of the payment method reuse agreement in the UI. When set to `auto`, Stripe's defaults will be used.

When set to `hidden`, the payment method reuse agreement text will always be hidden in the UI.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) String of your choice that your integration can use to reconcile this field. Must be unique to this field, alphanumeric, and up to 200 characters.
- `label` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--label))
- `type` (String) The type of the field.

Optional:

- `dropdown` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown))
- `numeric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--numeric))
- `optional` (Boolean) Whether the customer is required to complete the field before completing the Checkout Session. Defaults to `false`.
- `text` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--text))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.label`

Required:

- `custom` (String) Custom text for the label, displayed to the customer. Up to 50 characters.
- `type` (String) The type of the label.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.dropdown`

Required:

- `options` (Attributes List) The options available for the customer to select. Up to 200 options allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown--options))

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) The value that pre-fills on the payment page.

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The option selected by the customer. This will be the `value` for the option.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.dropdown.options`

Required:

- `label` (String) The label for the option, displayed to the customer. Up to 100 characters.
- `value` (String) The value for this option, not displayed to the customer, used by your integration to reconcile the option selected by the customer. Must be unique to this option, alphanumeric, and up to 100 characters.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--numeric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.numeric`

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) The value that pre-fills the field on the payment page.
- `maximum_length` (Number) The maximum character length constraint for the customer's input.
- `minimum_length` (Number) The minimum character length requirement for the customer's input.

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The value entered by the customer, containing only digits.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.text`

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) The value that pre-fills the field on the payment page.
- `maximum_length` (Number) The maximum character length constraint for the customer's input.
- `minimum_length` (Number) The minimum character length requirement for the customer's input.

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The value entered by the customer.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text`

Optional:

- `after_submit` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed after the payment confirmation button. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--after_submit))
- `shipping_address` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed alongside shipping address collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--shipping_address))
- `submit` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed alongside the payment confirmation button. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--submit))
- `terms_of_service_acceptance` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed in place of the default terms of service agreement text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--terms_of_service_acceptance))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--after_submit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.after_submit`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--shipping_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.shipping_address`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--submit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.submit`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--terms_of_service_acceptance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.terms_of_service_acceptance`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.



<a id="nestedatt--customer_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_update`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Describes whether Checkout saves the billing address onto `customer.address`.
To always collect a full billing address, use `billing_address_collection`. Defaults to `never`.
- `name` (String) Describes whether Checkout saves the name onto `customer.name`. Defaults to `never`.
- `shipping` (String) Describes whether Checkout saves shipping information onto `customer.shipping`.
To collect shipping information, use `shipping_address_collection`. Defaults to `never`.


<a id="nestedatt--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discounts`

Optional:

- `coupon` (String) Coupon attached to the Checkout Session.
- `promotion_code` (String) Promotion code attached to the Checkout Session.


<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether invoice creation is enabled for the Checkout Session.

Optional:

- `invoice_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data))

<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data`

Optional:

- `account_tax_ids` (List of String) The account tax IDs associated with the invoice.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes List) Custom fields displayed on the invoice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users.
- `footer` (String) Footer displayed on the invoice.
- `issuer` (Attributes) The connected account that issues the invoice. The invoice is presented with the branding and support information of the specified account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--issuer))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `rendering_options` (Attributes) Options for invoice PDF rendering. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--rendering_options))

<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data.custom_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the custom field.
- `value` (String) The value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data.issuer`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.


<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--rendering_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data.rendering_options`

Optional:

- `amount_tax_display` (String) How line-item prices and amounts will be displayed with respect to tax on invoice PDFs.
- `template` (String) ID of the invoice rendering template to be used for the generated invoice.




<a id="nestedatt--line_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items`

Optional:

- `adjustable_quantity` (Attributes) When set, provides configuration for this item’s quantity to be adjusted by the customer during Checkout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--adjustable_quantity))
- `dynamic_tax_rates` (List of String) The [tax rates](https://docs.stripe.com/api/tax_rates) that will be applied to this line item depending on the customer's billing/shipping address. We currently support the following countries: US, GB, AU, and all countries in the EU. You can't set this parameter if `ui_mode` is `custom`.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `price` (String) The ID of the [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) or [Plan](https://docs.stripe.com/api/plans) object. One of `price` or `price_data` is required.
- `price_data` (Attributes) Data used to generate a new [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) object inline. One of `price` or `price_data` is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data))
- `quantity` (Number) The quantity of the line item being purchased. Quantity should not be defined when `recurring.usage_type=metered`.
- `tax_rates` (List of String) The [tax rates](https://docs.stripe.com/api/tax_rates) which apply to this line item.

<a id="nestedatt--line_items--adjustable_quantity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.adjustable_quantity`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to true if the quantity can be adjusted to any non-negative integer.

Optional:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum quantity the customer can purchase for the Checkout Session. By default this value is 99. You can specify a value up to 999999.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum quantity the customer must purchase for the Checkout Session. By default this value is 0.


<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data`

Required:

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

Optional:

- `product` (String) The ID of the [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products) that this [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) will belong to. One of `product` or `product_data` is required.
- `product_data` (Attributes) Data used to generate a new [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products) object inline. One of `product` or `product_data` is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data--product_data))
- `recurring` (Attributes) The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `interval_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data--recurring))
- `tax_behavior` (String) Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-(recommended)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `unit_amount` (Number) A non-negative integer in cents (or local equivalent) representing how much to charge. One of `unit_amount` or `unit_amount_decimal` is required.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (Number) Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents (or local equivalent) with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data--product_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data.product_data`

Required:

- `name` (String) The product's name, meant to be displayable to the customer.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The product's description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store a long form explanation of the product being sold for your own rendering purposes.
- `images` (List of String) A list of up to 8 URLs of images for this product, meant to be displayable to the customer.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `tax_code` (String) A [tax code](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/tax-categories) ID.
- `unit_label` (String) A label that represents units of this product. When set, this will be included in customers' receipts, invoices, Checkout, and the customer portal.


<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data.recurring`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Specifies billing frequency. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months. Maximum of three years interval allowed (3 years, 36 months, or 156 weeks).




<a id="nestedatt--managed_payments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_payments`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable [Managed Payments](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/managed-payments), Stripe's merchant of record solution, for this session.


<a id="nestedatt--name_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_collection`

Optional:

- `business` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_collection--business))
- `individual` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_collection--individual))

<a id="nestedatt--name_collection--business"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_collection.business`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether business name collection is enabled for the session

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Whether the customer is required to complete the field before completing the Checkout Session. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedatt--name_collection--individual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_collection.individual`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether individual name collection is enabled for the session

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Whether the customer is required to complete the field before completing the Checkout Session. Defaults to `false`.



<a id="nestedatt--optional_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `optional_items`

Required:

- `price` (String)
- `quantity` (Number)

Optional:

- `adjustable_quantity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--optional_items--adjustable_quantity))

<a id="nestedatt--optional_items--adjustable_quantity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `optional_items.adjustable_quantity`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to true if the quantity can be adjusted to any non-negative integer.

Optional:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum quantity of this item the customer can purchase. By default this value is 99. You can specify a value up to 999999.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum quantity of this item the customer must purchase, if they choose to purchase it. Because this item is optional, the customer will always be able to remove it from their order, even if the `minimum` configured here is greater than 0. By default this value is 0.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_intent_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_intent_data`

Optional:

- `application_fee_amount` (Number) The amount of the application fee (if any) that will be requested to be applied to the payment and transferred to the application owner's Stripe account. The amount of the application fee collected will be capped at the total amount captured. For more information, see the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/connected-accounts).
- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The Stripe account ID for which these funds are intended. For details,
see the PaymentIntents [use case for connected
accounts](/docs/payments/connected-accounts).
- `receipt_email` (String) Email address that the receipt for the resulting payment will be sent to. If `receipt_email` is specified for a payment in live mode, a receipt will be sent regardless of your [email settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/emails).
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to [make future payments](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-intents#future-usage) with the payment
method collected by this Checkout Session.

When setting this to `on_session`, Checkout will show a notice to the
customer that their payment details will be saved.

When setting this to `off_session`, Checkout will show a notice to the
customer that their payment details will be saved and used for future
payments.

If a Customer has been provided or Checkout creates a new Customer,
Checkout will attach the payment method to the Customer.

If Checkout does not create a Customer, the payment method is not attached
to a Customer. To reuse the payment method, you can retrieve it from the
Checkout Session's PaymentIntent.

When processing card payments, Checkout also uses `setup_future_usage`
to dynamically optimize your payment flow and comply with regional
legislation and network rules, such as SCA.
- `shipping` (Attributes) Shipping information for this payment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_intent_data--shipping))
- `statement_descriptor` (String) Text that appears on the customer's statement as the statement descriptor for a non-card charge. This value overrides the account's default statement descriptor. For information about requirements, including the 22-character limit, see [the Statement Descriptor docs](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/statement-descriptors).

Setting this value for a card charge returns an error. For card charges, set the [statement_descriptor_suffix](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/statement-descriptors#dynamic) instead.
- `statement_descriptor_suffix` (String) Provides information about a card charge. Concatenated to the account's [statement descriptor prefix](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/statement-descriptors#static) to form the complete statement descriptor that appears on the customer's statement.
- `transfer_data` (Attributes) The parameters used to automatically create a Transfer when the payment succeeds.
For more information, see the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/connected-accounts). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_intent_data--transfer_data))
- `transfer_group` (String) A string that identifies the resulting payment as part of a group. See the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/separate-charges-and-transfers) for details.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_intent_data--shipping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_intent_data.shipping`

Required:

- `address` (Attributes) Shipping address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_intent_data--shipping--address))
- `name` (String) Recipient name.

Optional:

- `carrier` (String) The delivery service that shipped a physical product, such as Fedex, UPS, USPS, etc.
- `phone` (String) Recipient phone (including extension).
- `tracking_number` (String) The tracking number for a physical product, obtained from the delivery service. If multiple tracking numbers were generated for this purchase, please separate them with commas.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_intent_data--shipping--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_intent_data.shipping.address`

Required:

- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.

Optional:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).



<a id="nestedatt--payment_intent_data--transfer_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_intent_data.transfer_data`

Required:

- `destination` (String) If specified, successful charges will be attributed to the destination
account for tax reporting, and the funds from charges will be transferred
to the destination account. The ID of the resulting transfer will be
returned on the successful charge's `transfer` field.

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) The amount that will be transferred automatically when a charge succeeds.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_data`

Optional:

- `allow_redisplay` (String) Allow redisplay will be set on the payment method on confirmation and indicates whether this payment method can be shown again to the customer in a checkout flow. Only set this field if you wish to override the allow_redisplay value determined by Checkout.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options`

Optional:

- `acss_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--acss_debit))
- `affirm` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--affirm))
- `afterpay_clearpay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--afterpay_clearpay))
- `alipay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--alipay))
- `alma` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--alma))
- `amazon_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--amazon_pay))
- `au_becs_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--au_becs_debit))
- `bacs_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--bacs_debit))
- `bancontact` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--bancontact))
- `billie` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--billie))
- `boleto` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--boleto))
- `card` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--card))
- `cashapp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--cashapp))
- `crypto` (Attributes) contains details about the Crypto payment method options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--crypto))
- `customer_balance` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--customer_balance))
- `demo_pay` (Attributes) contains details about the DemoPay payment method options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--demo_pay))
- `eps` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--eps))
- `fpx` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--fpx))
- `giropay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--giropay))
- `grabpay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--grabpay))
- `ideal` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--ideal))
- `kakao_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--kakao_pay))
- `klarna` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--klarna))
- `konbini` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--konbini))
- `kr_card` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--kr_card))
- `link` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--link))
- `mobilepay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--mobilepay))
- `multibanco` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--multibanco))
- `naver_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--naver_pay))
- `oxxo` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--oxxo))
- `p24` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--p24))
- `payco` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--payco))
- `paynow` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--paynow))
- `paypal` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--paypal))
- `payto` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--payto))
- `pix` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--pix))
- `revolut_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--revolut_pay))
- `samsung_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--samsung_pay))
- `satispay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--satispay))
- `scalapay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--scalapay))
- `sepa_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--sepa_debit))
- `sofort` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--sofort))
- `swish` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--swish))
- `twint` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--twint))
- `upi` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--upi))
- `us_bank_account` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--us_bank_account))
- `wechat_pay` (Attributes) contains details about the WeChat Pay payment method options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--wechat_pay))

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--acss_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.acss_debit`

Optional:

- `currency` (String) Currency supported by the bank account. Returned when the Session is in `setup` mode.
- `mandate_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--acss_debit--mandate_options))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `target_date` (String) Controls when Stripe will attempt to debit the funds from the customer's account. The date must be a string in YYYY-MM-DD format. The date must be in the future and between 3 and 15 calendar days from now.
- `verification_method` (String) Bank account verification method. The default value is `automatic`.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--acss_debit--mandate_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.acss_debit.mandate_options`

Optional:

- `custom_mandate_url` (String) A URL for custom mandate text
- `default_for` (List of String) List of Stripe products where this mandate can be selected automatically. Returned when the Session is in `setup` mode.
- `interval_description` (String) Description of the interval. Only required if the 'payment_schedule' parameter is 'interval' or 'combined'.
- `payment_schedule` (String) Payment schedule for the mandate.
- `transaction_type` (String) Transaction type of the mandate.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--affirm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.affirm`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--afterpay_clearpay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.afterpay_clearpay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--alipay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.alipay`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--alma"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.alma`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--amazon_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.amazon_pay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--au_becs_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.au_becs_debit`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `target_date` (String) Controls when Stripe will attempt to debit the funds from the customer's account. The date must be a string in YYYY-MM-DD format. The date must be in the future and between 3 and 15 calendar days from now.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--bacs_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.bacs_debit`

Optional:

- `mandate_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--bacs_debit--mandate_options))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `target_date` (String) Controls when Stripe will attempt to debit the funds from the customer's account. The date must be a string in YYYY-MM-DD format. The date must be in the future and between 3 and 15 calendar days from now.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--bacs_debit--mandate_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.bacs_debit.mandate_options`

Optional:

- `reference_prefix` (String) Prefix used to generate the Mandate reference. Must be at most 12 characters long. Must consist of only uppercase letters, numbers, spaces, or the following special characters: '/', '_', '-', '&', '.'. Cannot begin with 'DDIC' or 'STRIPE'.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--bancontact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.bancontact`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--billie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.billie`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--boleto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.boleto`

Optional:

- `expires_after_days` (Number) The number of calendar days before a Boleto voucher expires. For example, if you create a Boleto voucher on Monday and you set expires_after_days to 2, the Boleto voucher will expire on Wednesday at 23:59 America/Sao_Paulo time.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--card"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.card`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `installments` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--card--installments))
- `request_extended_authorization` (String) Request ability to [capture beyond the standard authorization validity window](/payments/extended-authorization) for this CheckoutSession.
- `request_incremental_authorization` (String) Request ability to [increment the authorization](/payments/incremental-authorization) for this CheckoutSession.
- `request_multicapture` (String) Request ability to make [multiple captures](/payments/multicapture) for this CheckoutSession.
- `request_overcapture` (String) Request ability to [overcapture](/payments/overcapture) for this CheckoutSession.
- `request_three_d_secure` (String) We strongly recommend that you rely on our SCA Engine to automatically prompt your customers for authentication based on risk level and [other requirements](https://docs.stripe.com/strong-customer-authentication). However, if you wish to request 3D Secure based on logic from your own fraud engine, provide this option. If not provided, this value defaults to `automatic`. Read our guide on [manually requesting 3D Secure](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure/authentication-flow#manual-three-ds) for more information on how this configuration interacts with Radar and our SCA Engine.
- `restrictions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--card--restrictions))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `statement_descriptor_suffix_kana` (String) Provides information about a card payment that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the Kana prefix (shortened Kana descriptor) or Kana statement descriptor that’s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 22 characters. On card statements, the *concatenation* of both prefix and suffix (including separators) will appear truncated to 22 characters.
- `statement_descriptor_suffix_kanji` (String) Provides information about a card payment that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the Kanji prefix (shortened Kanji descriptor) or Kanji statement descriptor that’s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 17 characters. On card statements, the *concatenation* of both prefix and suffix (including separators) will appear truncated to 17 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--card--installments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.card.installments`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if installments are enabled


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--card--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.card.restrictions`

Optional:

- `brands_blocked` (List of String) The card brands to block. If a customer enters or selects a card belonging to a blocked brand, they can't complete the payment.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--cashapp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.cashapp`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--crypto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.crypto`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--customer_balance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.customer_balance`

Optional:

- `bank_transfer` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--customer_balance--bank_transfer))
- `funding_type` (String) The funding method type to be used when there are not enough funds in the customer balance. Permitted values include: `bank_transfer`.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--customer_balance--bank_transfer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.customer_balance.bank_transfer`

Required:

- `type` (String) The bank transfer type that this PaymentIntent is allowed to use for funding Permitted values include: `eu_bank_transfer`, `gb_bank_transfer`, `jp_bank_transfer`, `mx_bank_transfer`, or `us_bank_transfer`.

Optional:

- `eu_bank_transfer` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--customer_balance--bank_transfer--eu_bank_transfer))
- `requested_address_types` (List of String) List of address types that should be returned in the financial_addresses response. If not specified, all valid types will be returned.

Permitted values include: `sort_code`, `zengin`, `iban`, or `spei`.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--customer_balance--bank_transfer--eu_bank_transfer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.customer_balance.bank_transfer.eu_bank_transfer`

Required:

- `country` (String) The desired country code of the bank account information. Permitted values include: `DE`, `FR`, `IE`, or `NL`.




<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--demo_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.demo_pay`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--eps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.eps`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--fpx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.fpx`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--giropay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.giropay`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--grabpay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.grabpay`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--ideal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.ideal`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--kakao_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.kakao_pay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--klarna"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.klarna`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `subscriptions` (Attributes List) Subscription details if the Checkout Session sets up a future subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--klarna--subscriptions))

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--klarna--subscriptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.klarna.subscriptions`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Unit of time between subscription charges.
- `next_billing` (Attributes) Describes the upcoming charge for this subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--klarna--subscriptions--next_billing))
- `reference` (String) A non-customer-facing reference to correlate subscription charges in the Klarna app. Use a value that persists across subscription charges.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals (specified in the `interval` attribute) between subscription charges. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` charges every 3 months.
- `name` (String) Name for subscription.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--klarna--subscriptions--next_billing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.klarna.subscriptions.next_billing`

Required:

- `amount` (Number) The amount of the next charge for the subscription.
- `date` (String) The date of the next charge for the subscription in YYYY-MM-DD format.




<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--konbini"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.konbini`

Optional:

- `expires_after_days` (Number) The number of calendar days (between 1 and 60) after which Konbini payment instructions will expire. For example, if a PaymentIntent is confirmed with Konbini and `expires_after_days` set to 2 on Monday JST, the instructions will expire on Wednesday 23:59:59 JST.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--kr_card"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.kr_card`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.link`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--mobilepay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.mobilepay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--multibanco"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.multibanco`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--naver_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.naver_pay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--oxxo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.oxxo`

Optional:

- `expires_after_days` (Number) The number of calendar days before an OXXO invoice expires. For example, if you create an OXXO invoice on Monday and you set expires_after_days to 2, the OXXO invoice will expire on Wednesday at 23:59 America/Mexico_City time.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--p24"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.p24`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `tos_shown_and_accepted` (Boolean) Confirm that the payer has accepted the P24 terms and conditions.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--payco"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.payco`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--paynow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.paynow`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--paypal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.paypal`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `preferred_locale` (String) Preferred locale of the PayPal checkout page that the customer is redirected to.
- `reference` (String) A reference of the PayPal transaction visible to customer which is mapped to PayPal's invoice ID. This must be a globally unique ID if you have configured in your PayPal settings to block multiple payments per invoice ID.
- `risk_correlation_id` (String) The risk correlation ID for an on-session payment using a saved PayPal payment method.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--payto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.payto`

Optional:

- `mandate_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--payto--mandate_options))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--payto--mandate_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.payto.mandate_options`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) Amount that will be collected. It is required when `amount_type` is `fixed`.
- `amount_type` (String) The type of amount that will be collected. The amount charged must be exact or up to the value of `amount` param for `fixed` or `maximum` type respectively. Defaults to `maximum`.
- `end_date` (String) Date, in YYYY-MM-DD format, after which payments will not be collected. Defaults to no end date.
- `payment_schedule` (String) The periodicity at which payments will be collected. Defaults to `adhoc`.
- `payments_per_period` (Number) The number of payments that will be made during a payment period. Defaults to 1 except for when `payment_schedule` is `adhoc`. In that case, it defaults to no limit.
- `purpose` (String) The purpose for which payments are made. Has a default value based on your merchant category code.
- `start_date` (String) Date, in YYYY-MM-DD format, from which payments will be collected. Defaults to confirmation time.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--pix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.pix`

Optional:

- `amount_includes_iof` (String) Determines if the amount includes the IOF tax.
- `expires_after_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds after which Pix payment will expire.
- `mandate_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--pix--mandate_options))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--pix--mandate_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.pix.mandate_options`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) Amount to be charged for future payments.
- `amount_includes_iof` (String) Determines if the amount includes the IOF tax.
- `amount_type` (String) Type of amount.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase.
- `end_date` (String) Date when the mandate expires and no further payments will be charged, in `YYYY-MM-DD`.
- `payment_schedule` (String) Schedule at which the future payments will be charged.
- `reference` (String) Subscription name displayed to buyers in their bank app.
- `start_date` (String) Start date of the mandate, in `YYYY-MM-DD`.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--revolut_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.revolut_pay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--samsung_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.samsung_pay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--satispay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.satispay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--scalapay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.scalapay`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Controls when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--sepa_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.sepa_debit`

Optional:

- `mandate_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--sepa_debit--mandate_options))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `target_date` (String) Controls when Stripe will attempt to debit the funds from the customer's account. The date must be a string in YYYY-MM-DD format. The date must be in the future and between 3 and 15 calendar days from now.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--sepa_debit--mandate_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.sepa_debit.mandate_options`

Optional:

- `reference_prefix` (String) Prefix used to generate the Mandate reference. Must be at most 12 characters long. Must consist of only uppercase letters, numbers, spaces, or the following special characters: '/', '_', '-', '&', '.'. Cannot begin with 'STRIPE'.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--sofort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.sofort`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--swish"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.swish`

Optional:

- `reference` (String) The order reference that will be displayed to customers in the Swish application. Defaults to the `id` of the Payment Intent.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--twint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.twint`

Optional:

- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--upi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.upi`

Optional:

- `mandate_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--upi--mandate_options))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--upi--mandate_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.upi.mandate_options`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) Amount to be charged for future payments.
- `amount_type` (String) One of `fixed` or `maximum`. If `fixed`, the `amount` param refers to the exact amount to be charged in future payments. If `maximum`, the amount charged can be up to the value passed for the `amount` param.
- `description` (String) A description of the mandate or subscription that is meant to be displayed to the customer.
- `end_date` (Number) End date of the mandate or subscription.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--us_bank_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.us_bank_account`

Optional:

- `financial_connections` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--us_bank_account--financial_connections))
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).
- `target_date` (String) Controls when Stripe will attempt to debit the funds from the customer's account. The date must be a string in YYYY-MM-DD format. The date must be in the future and between 3 and 15 calendar days from now.
- `verification_method` (String) Bank account verification method. The default value is `automatic`.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--us_bank_account--financial_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.us_bank_account.financial_connections`

Optional:

- `permissions` (List of String) The list of permissions to request. The `payment_method` permission must be included.
- `prefetch` (List of String) Data features requested to be retrieved upon account creation.

Read-Only:

- `filters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--us_bank_account--financial_connections--filters))
- `return_url` (String) For webview integrations only. Upon completing OAuth login in the native browser, the user will be redirected to this URL to return to your app.

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--us_bank_account--financial_connections--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.us_bank_account.financial_connections.filters`

Read-Only:

- `account_subcategories` (List of String) The account subcategories to use to filter for possible accounts to link. Valid subcategories are `checking` and `savings`.




<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--wechat_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.wechat_pay`

Required:

- `client` (String) The client type that the end customer will pay from

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) The app ID registered with WeChat Pay. Only required when client is ios or android.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this PaymentIntent's payment method.

If you provide a Customer with the PaymentIntent, you can use this parameter to [attach the payment method](/payments/save-during-payment) to the Customer after the PaymentIntent is confirmed and the customer completes any required actions. If you don't provide a Customer, you can still [attach](/api/payment_methods/attach) the payment method to a Customer after the transaction completes.

If the payment method is `card_present` and isn't a digital wallet, Stripe creates and attaches a [generated_card](/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-generated_card) payment method representing the card to the Customer instead.

When processing card payments, Stripe uses `setup_future_usage` to help you comply with regional legislation and network rules, such as [SCA](/strong-customer-authentication).



<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `update_shipping_details` (String) Determines which entity is allowed to update the shipping details.

Default is `client_only`. Stripe Checkout client will automatically update the shipping details. If set to `server_only`, only your server is allowed to update the shipping details.

When set to `server_only`, you must add the onShippingDetailsChange event handler when initializing the Stripe Checkout client and manually update the shipping details from your server using the Stripe API.


<a id="nestedatt--phone_number_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone_number_collection`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether phone number collection is enabled for the session


<a id="nestedatt--saved_payment_method_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saved_payment_method_options`

Optional:

- `allow_redisplay_filters` (List of String) Uses the `allow_redisplay` value of each saved payment method to filter the set presented to a returning customer. By default, only saved payment methods with ’allow_redisplay: ‘always’ are shown in Checkout.
- `payment_method_remove` (String) Enable customers to choose if they wish to remove their saved payment methods. Disabled by default.
- `payment_method_save` (String) Enable customers to choose if they wish to save their payment method for future use. Disabled by default.


<a id="nestedatt--setup_intent_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `setup_intent_data`

Optional:

- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The Stripe account for which the setup is intended.


<a id="nestedatt--shipping_address_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_address_collection`

Required:

- `allowed_countries` (List of String) An array of two-letter ISO country codes representing which countries Checkout should provide as options for
shipping locations. Unsupported country codes: `AS, CX, CC, CU, HM, IR, KP, MH, FM, NF, MP, PW, SY, UM, VI`.


<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options`

Optional:

- `shipping_rate` (String) The shipping rate.
- `shipping_rate_data` (Attributes) Parameters to be passed to Shipping Rate creation for this shipping option. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data))

Read-Only:

- `shipping_amount` (Number) A non-negative integer in cents representing how much to charge.

<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options.shipping_rate_data`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the shipping rate, meant to be displayable to the customer. This will appear on CheckoutSessions.

Optional:

- `delivery_estimate` (Attributes) The estimated range for how long shipping will take, meant to be displayable to the customer. This will appear on CheckoutSessions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--delivery_estimate))
- `fixed_amount` (Attributes) Describes a fixed amount to charge for shipping. Must be present if type is `fixed_amount`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--fixed_amount))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `tax_behavior` (String) Specifies whether the rate is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`.
- `tax_code` (String) A [tax code](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/tax-categories) ID. The Shipping tax code is `txcd_92010001`.
- `type` (String) The type of calculation to use on the shipping rate.

<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--delivery_estimate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options.shipping_rate_data.delivery_estimate`

Optional:

- `maximum` (Attributes) The upper bound of the estimated range. If empty, represents no upper bound i.e., infinite. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--delivery_estimate--maximum))
- `minimum` (Attributes) The lower bound of the estimated range. If empty, represents no lower bound. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--delivery_estimate--minimum))

<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--delivery_estimate--maximum"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options.shipping_rate_data.delivery_estimate.maximum`

Required:

- `unit` (String) A unit of time.
- `value` (Number) Must be greater than 0.


<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--delivery_estimate--minimum"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options.shipping_rate_data.delivery_estimate.minimum`

Required:

- `unit` (String) A unit of time.
- `value` (Number) Must be greater than 0.



<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--fixed_amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options.shipping_rate_data.fixed_amount`

Required:

- `amount` (Number) A non-negative integer in cents representing how much to charge.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

Optional:

- `currency_options` (Attributes Map) Shipping rates defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--fixed_amount--currency_options))

<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options--shipping_rate_data--fixed_amount--currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options.shipping_rate_data.fixed_amount.currency_options`

Required:

- `amount` (Number) A non-negative integer in cents representing how much to charge.

Optional:

- `tax_behavior` (String) Specifies whether the rate is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`.





<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data`

Optional:

- `application_fee_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner's Stripe account. To use an application fee percent, the request must be made on behalf of another account, using the `Stripe-Account` header or an OAuth key. For more information, see the application fees [documentation](https://stripe.com/docs/connect/subscriptions#collecting-fees-on-subscriptions).
- `billing_cycle_anchor` (Number) A future timestamp to anchor the subscription's billing cycle for new subscriptions. You can't set this parameter if `ui_mode` is `elements`.
- `billing_mode` (Attributes) Controls how prorations and invoices for subscriptions are calculated and orchestrated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode))
- `default_tax_rates` (List of String) The tax rates that will apply to any subscription item that does not have
`tax_rates` set. Invoices created will have their `default_tax_rates` populated
from the subscription.
- `description` (String) The subscription's description, meant to be displayable to the customer.
Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription
for rendering in the [customer portal](https://docs.stripe.com/customer-management).
- `invoice_settings` (Attributes) All invoices will be billed using the specified settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The account on behalf of which to charge, for each of the subscription's invoices.
- `pending_invoice_item_interval` (Attributes) Specifies an interval for how often to bill for any pending invoice items. It is analogous to calling [Create an invoice](https://docs.stripe.com/api#create_invoice) for the given subscription at the specified interval. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--pending_invoice_item_interval))
- `proration_behavior` (String) Determines how to handle prorations resulting from the `billing_cycle_anchor`. If no value is passed, the default is `create_prorations`.
- `transfer_data` (Attributes) If specified, the funds from the subscription's invoices will be transferred to the destination and the ID of the resulting transfers will be found on the resulting charges. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--transfer_data))
- `trial_end` (Number) Unix timestamp representing the end of the trial period the customer will get before being charged for the first time. Has to be at least 48 hours in the future.
- `trial_period_days` (Number) Integer representing the number of trial period days before the customer is charged for the first time. Has to be at least 1.
- `trial_settings` (Attributes) Settings related to subscription trials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.billing_mode`

Required:

- `type` (String) Controls the calculation and orchestration of prorations and invoices for subscriptions. If no value is passed, the default is `flexible`.

Optional:

- `flexible` (Attributes) Configure behavior for flexible billing mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode--flexible))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode--flexible"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.billing_mode.flexible`

Optional:

- `proration_discounts` (String) Controls how invoices and invoice items display proration amounts and discount amounts.



<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.invoice_settings`

Optional:

- `issuer` (Attributes) The connected account that issues the invoice. The invoice is presented with the branding and support information of the specified account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings--issuer))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.invoice_settings.issuer`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced in the request.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--pending_invoice_item_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.pending_invoice_item_interval`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Specifies invoicing frequency. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals between invoices. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months. Maximum of one year interval allowed (1 year, 12 months, or 52 weeks).


<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--transfer_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.transfer_data`

Required:

- `destination` (String) ID of an existing, connected Stripe account.

Optional:

- `amount_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.


<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.trial_settings`

Required:

- `end_behavior` (Attributes) Defines how the subscription should behave when the user's free trial ends. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings--end_behavior))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings--end_behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.trial_settings.end_behavior`

Required:

- `missing_payment_method` (String) Indicates how the subscription should change when the trial ends if the user did not provide a payment method.




<a id="nestedatt--tax_id_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tax_id_collection`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether tax ID collection is enabled for the session

Optional:

- `required` (String) Indicates whether a tax ID is required on the payment page


<a id="nestedatt--wallet_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wallet_options`

Optional:

- `link` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wallet_options--link))

<a id="nestedatt--wallet_options--link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wallet_options.link`

Optional:

- `display` (String) Describes whether Checkout should display Link. Defaults to `auto`.



<a id="nestedatt--consent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consent`

Read-Only:

- `promotions` (String) If `opt_in`, the customer consents to receiving promotional communications
from the merchant about this Checkout Session.
- `terms_of_service` (String) If `accepted`, the customer in this Checkout Session has agreed to the merchant's terms of service.


<a id="nestedatt--currency_conversion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_conversion`

Read-Only:

- `amount_subtotal` (Number) Total of all items in source currency before discounts or taxes are applied.
- `amount_total` (Number) Total of all items in source currency after discounts and taxes are applied.
- `fx_rate` (Number) Exchange rate used to convert source currency amounts to customer currency amounts
- `source_currency` (String) Creation currency of the CheckoutSession before localization


<a id="nestedatt--customer_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_details`

Read-Only:

- `address` (Attributes) The customer's address after a completed Checkout Session. Note: This property is populated only for sessions on or after March 30, 2022. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_details--address))
- `business_name` (String) The customer's business name after a completed Checkout Session.
- `email` (String) The email associated with the Customer, if one exists, on the Checkout Session after a completed Checkout Session or at time of session expiry.
Otherwise, if the customer has consented to promotional content, this value is the most recent valid email provided by the customer on the Checkout form.
- `individual_name` (String) The customer's individual name after a completed Checkout Session.
- `name` (String) The customer's name after a completed Checkout Session. Note: This property is populated only for sessions on or after March 30, 2022.
- `phone` (String) The customer's phone number after a completed Checkout Session.
- `tax_exempt` (String) The customer’s tax exempt status after a completed Checkout Session.
- `tax_ids` (Attributes List) The customer’s tax IDs after a completed Checkout Session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_details--tax_ids))

<a id="nestedatt--customer_details--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_details.address`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).


<a id="nestedatt--customer_details--tax_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_details.tax_ids`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of the tax ID, one of `ad_nrt`, `ar_cuit`, `eu_vat`, `bo_tin`, `br_cnpj`, `br_cpf`, `cn_tin`, `co_nit`, `cr_tin`, `do_rcn`, `ec_ruc`, `eu_oss_vat`, `hr_oib`, `pe_ruc`, `ro_tin`, `rs_pib`, `sv_nit`, `uy_ruc`, `ve_rif`, `vn_tin`, `gb_vat`, `nz_gst`, `au_abn`, `au_arn`, `in_gst`, `no_vat`, `no_voec`, `za_vat`, `ch_vat`, `mx_rfc`, `sg_uen`, `ru_inn`, `ru_kpp`, `ca_bn`, `hk_br`, `es_cif`, `pl_nip`, `it_cf`, `fo_vat`, `gi_tin`, `py_ruc`, `tw_vat`, `th_vat`, `jp_cn`, `jp_rn`, `jp_trn`, `li_uid`, `li_vat`, `lk_vat`, `my_itn`, `us_ein`, `kr_brn`, `ca_qst`, `ca_gst_hst`, `ca_pst_bc`, `ca_pst_mb`, `ca_pst_sk`, `my_sst`, `sg_gst`, `ae_trn`, `cl_tin`, `sa_vat`, `id_npwp`, `my_frp`, `il_vat`, `ge_vat`, `ua_vat`, `is_vat`, `bg_uic`, `hu_tin`, `si_tin`, `ke_pin`, `tr_tin`, `eg_tin`, `ph_tin`, `al_tin`, `bh_vat`, `kz_bin`, `ng_tin`, `om_vat`, `de_stn`, `ch_uid`, `tz_vat`, `uz_vat`, `uz_tin`, `md_vat`, `ma_vat`, `by_tin`, `ao_tin`, `bs_tin`, `bb_tin`, `cd_nif`, `mr_nif`, `me_pib`, `zw_tin`, `ba_tin`, `gn_nif`, `mk_vat`, `sr_fin`, `sn_ninea`, `am_tin`, `np_pan`, `tj_tin`, `ug_tin`, `zm_tin`, `kh_tin`, `aw_tin`, `az_tin`, `bd_bin`, `bj_ifu`, `et_tin`, `kg_tin`, `la_tin`, `cm_niu`, `cv_nif`, `bf_ifu`, or `unknown`
- `value` (String) The value of the tax ID.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_configuration_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_configuration_details`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the payment method configuration used.
- `parent` (String) ID of the parent payment method configuration used.


<a id="nestedatt--presentment_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `presentment_details`

Read-Only:

- `presentment_amount` (Number) Amount intended to be collected by this payment, denominated in `presentment_currency`.
- `presentment_currency` (String) Currency presented to the customer during payment.


<a id="nestedatt--shipping_cost"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_cost`

Read-Only:

- `amount_subtotal` (Number) Total shipping cost before any discounts or taxes are applied.
- `amount_tax` (Number) Total tax amount applied due to shipping costs. If no tax was applied, defaults to 0.
- `amount_total` (Number) Total shipping cost after discounts and taxes are applied.
- `shipping_rate` (String) The ID of the ShippingRate for this order.
- `taxes` (Attributes List) The taxes applied to the shipping rate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_cost--taxes))

<a id="nestedatt--shipping_cost--taxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_cost.taxes`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) Amount of tax applied for this rate.
- `rate` (String) Tax rates can be applied to [invoices](/invoicing/taxes/tax-rates), [subscriptions](/billing/taxes/tax-rates) and [Checkout Sessions](/payments/checkout/use-manual-tax-rates) to collect tax.

Related guide: [Tax rates](/billing/taxes/tax-rates)
- `taxability_reason` (String) The reasoning behind this tax, for example, if the product is tax exempt. The possible values for this field may be extended as new tax rules are supported.
- `taxable_amount` (Number) The amount on which tax is calculated, in cents (or local equivalent).



<a id="nestedatt--total_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details`

Read-Only:

- `amount_discount` (Number) This is the sum of all the discounts.
- `amount_shipping` (Number) This is the sum of all the shipping amounts.
- `amount_tax` (Number) This is the sum of all the tax amounts.
- `breakdown` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details--breakdown))

<a id="nestedatt--total_details--breakdown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details.breakdown`

Read-Only:

- `discounts` (Attributes List) The aggregated discounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--discounts))
- `taxes` (Attributes List) The aggregated tax amounts by rate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--taxes))

<a id="nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details.breakdown.discounts`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) The amount discounted.
- `discount` (String) A discount represents the actual application of a [coupon](https://api.stripe.com#coupons) or [promotion code](https://api.stripe.com#promotion_codes).
It contains information about when the discount began, when it will end, and what it is applied to.

Related guide: [Applying discounts to subscriptions](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/discounts)


<a id="nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--taxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details.breakdown.taxes`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) Amount of tax applied for this rate.
- `rate` (String) Tax rates can be applied to [invoices](/invoicing/taxes/tax-rates), [subscriptions](/billing/taxes/tax-rates) and [Checkout Sessions](/payments/checkout/use-manual-tax-rates) to collect tax.

Related guide: [Tax rates](/billing/taxes/tax-rates)
- `taxability_reason` (String) The reasoning behind this tax, for example, if the product is tax exempt. The possible values for this field may be extended as new tax rules are supported.
- `taxable_amount` (Number) The amount on which tax is calculated, in cents (or local equivalent).
