---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_financial_connections_session Ephemeral Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Financial Connections Session is the secure way to programmatically launch the client-side Stripe.js modal that lets your users link their accounts.
---

# stripe_financial_connections_session (Ephemeral Resource)

A Financial Connections Session is the secure way to programmatically launch the client-side Stripe.js modal that lets your users link their accounts.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_holder` (Attributes) The account holder for whom accounts are collected in this session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--account_holder))
- `permissions` (List of String) Permissions requested for accounts collected during this session.

### Optional

- `filters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))
- `prefetch` (List of String) Data features requested to be retrieved upon account creation.
- `return_url` (String) For webview integrations only. Upon completing OAuth login in the native browser, the user will be redirected to this URL to return to your app.

### Read-Only

- `client_secret` (String) A value that will be passed to the client to launch the authentication flow.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.

<a id="nestedatt--account_holder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account_holder`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of account holder that this account belongs to.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The ID of the Stripe account that this account belongs to. Only available when `account_holder.type` is `account`.
- `customer` (String) The ID for an Account representing a customer that this account belongs to. Only available when `account_holder.type` is `customer`.
- `customer_account` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Optional:

- `account_subcategories` (List of String) Restricts the Session to subcategories of accounts that can be linked. Valid subcategories are: `checking`, `savings`, `mortgage`, `line_of_credit`, `credit_card`.
- `countries` (List of String) List of countries from which to filter accounts.
