---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_identity_verification_session Ephemeral Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A VerificationSession guides you through the process of collecting and verifying the identities
  of your users. It contains details about the type of verification, such as what verification
  check to perform. Only create one VerificationSession for
  each verification in your system.
  A VerificationSession transitions through multiple
  statuses throughout its lifetime as it progresses through
  the verification flow. The VerificationSession contains the user's verified data after
  verification checks are complete.
  Related guide: The Verification Sessions API https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verification-sessions
---

# stripe_identity_verification_session (Ephemeral Resource)

A VerificationSession guides you through the process of collecting and verifying the identities
of your users. It contains details about the type of verification, such as what [verification
check](/docs/identity/verification-checks) to perform. Only create one VerificationSession for
each verification in your system.

A VerificationSession transitions through [multiple
statuses](/docs/identity/how-sessions-work) throughout its lifetime as it progresses through
the verification flow. The VerificationSession contains the user's verified data after
verification checks are complete.

Related guide: [The Verification Sessions API](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verification-sessions)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_reference_id` (String) A string to reference this user. This can be a customer ID, a session ID, or similar, and can be used to reconcile this verification with your internal systems.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `options` (Attributes) A set of options for the session’s verification checks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `provided_details` (Attributes) Details provided about the user being verified. These details may be shown to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provided_details))
- `related_customer` (String) Customer ID
- `related_customer_account` (String) The ID of the Account representing a customer.
- `related_person` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--related_person))
- `return_url` (String) The URL that the user will be redirected to upon completing the verification flow.
- `type` (String) The type of [verification check](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verification-checks) to be performed.
- `verification_flow` (String) The configuration token of a verification flow from the dashboard.

### Read-Only

- `client_secret` (String) The short-lived client secret used by Stripe.js to [show a verification modal](https://docs.stripe.com/js/identity/modal) inside your app. This client secret expires after 24 hours and can only be used once. Don’t store it, log it, embed it in a URL, or expose it to anyone other than the user. Make sure that you have TLS enabled on any page that includes the client secret. Refer to our docs on [passing the client secret to the frontend](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verification-sessions#client-secret) to learn more.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `last_error` (Attributes) If present, this property tells you the last error encountered when processing the verification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_error))
- `last_verification_report` (String) ID of the most recent VerificationReport. [Learn more about accessing detailed verification results.](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verification-sessions#results)
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `redaction` (Attributes) Redaction status of this VerificationSession. If the VerificationSession is not redacted, this field will be null. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redaction))
- `status` (String) Status of this VerificationSession. [Learn more about the lifecycle of sessions](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/how-sessions-work).
- `url` (String) The short-lived URL that you use to redirect a user to Stripe to submit their identity information. This URL expires after 48 hours and can only be used once. Don’t store it, log it, send it in emails or expose it to anyone other than the user. Refer to our docs on [verifying identity documents](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verify-identity-documents?platform=web&type=redirect) to learn how to redirect users to Stripe.
- `verified_outputs` (Attributes) The user’s verified data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verified_outputs))

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `document` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--document))
- `email` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--email))
- `phone` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--phone))

Read-Only:

- `matching` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--matching))

<a id="nestedatt--options--document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.document`

Optional:

- `allowed_types` (List of String) Array of strings of allowed identity document types. If the provided identity document isn’t one of the allowed types, the verification check will fail with a document_type_not_allowed error code.
- `require_id_number` (Boolean) Collect an ID number and perform an [ID number check](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verification-checks?type=id-number) with the document’s extracted name and date of birth.
- `require_live_capture` (Boolean) Disable image uploads, identity document images have to be captured using the device’s camera.
- `require_matching_selfie` (Boolean) Capture a face image and perform a [selfie check](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/verification-checks?type=selfie) comparing a photo ID and a picture of your user’s face. [Learn more](https://docs.stripe.com/identity/selfie).


<a id="nestedatt--options--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.email`

Optional:

- `require_verification` (Boolean) Request one time password verification of `provided_details.email`.


<a id="nestedatt--options--phone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.phone`

Optional:

- `require_verification` (Boolean) Request one time password verification of `provided_details.phone`.


<a id="nestedatt--options--matching"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.matching`

Read-Only:

- `dob` (String) Strictness of the DOB matching policy to apply.
- `name` (String) Strictness of the name matching policy to apply.



<a id="nestedatt--provided_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provided_details`

Optional:

- `email` (String) Email of user being verified
- `phone` (String) Phone number of user being verified


<a id="nestedatt--related_person"></a>
### Nested Schema for `related_person`

Required:

- `account` (String) Token referencing the associated Account of the related Person resource.
- `person` (String) Token referencing the related Person resource.


<a id="nestedatt--last_error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_error`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) A short machine-readable string giving the reason for the verification or user-session failure.
- `reason` (String) A message that explains the reason for verification or user-session failure.


<a id="nestedatt--redaction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redaction`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Indicates whether this object and its related objects have been redacted or not.


<a id="nestedatt--verified_outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verified_outputs`

Read-Only:

- `address` (Attributes) The user's verified address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verified_outputs--address))
- `dob` (Attributes) The user’s verified date of birth. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verified_outputs--dob))
- `email` (String) The user's verified email address
- `first_name` (String) The user's verified first name.
- `id_number` (String) The user's verified id number.
- `id_number_type` (String) The user's verified id number type.
- `last_name` (String) The user's verified last name.
- `phone` (String) The user's verified phone number
- `sex` (String) The user's verified sex.
- `unparsed_place_of_birth` (String) The user's verified place of birth as it appears in the document.
- `unparsed_sex` (String) The user's verified sex as it appears in the document.

<a id="nestedatt--verified_outputs--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verified_outputs.address`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).


<a id="nestedatt--verified_outputs--dob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verified_outputs.dob`

Read-Only:

- `day` (Number) Numerical day between 1 and 31.
- `month` (Number) Numerical month between 1 and 12.
- `year` (Number) The four-digit year.
