---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_reporting_report_run Ephemeral Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Report Run object represents an instance of a report type generated with
  specific run parameters. Once the object is created, Stripe begins processing the report.
  When the report has finished running, it will give you a reference to a file
  where you can retrieve your results. For an overview, see
  API Access to Reports https://docs.stripe.com/reporting/statements/api.
  Note that certain report types can only be run based on your live-mode data (not test-mode
  data), and will error when queried without a live-mode API key https://docs.stripe.com/keys#test-live-modes.
---

# stripe_reporting_report_run (Ephemeral Resource)

The Report Run object represents an instance of a report type generated with
specific run parameters. Once the object is created, Stripe begins processing the report.
When the report has finished running, it will give you a reference to a file
where you can retrieve your results. For an overview, see
[API Access to Reports](https://docs.stripe.com/reporting/statements/api).

Note that certain report types can only be run based on your live-mode data (not test-mode
data), and will error when queried without a [live-mode API key](https://docs.stripe.com/keys#test-live-modes).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `report_type` (String) The ID of the [report type](https://docs.stripe.com/reports/report-types) to run, such as `"balance.summary.1"`.

### Optional

- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `error` (String) If something should go wrong during the run, a message about the failure (populated when
 `status=failed`).
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) `true` if the report is run on live mode data and `false` if it is run on test mode data.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `result` (String) The file object representing the result of the report run (populated when
 `status=succeeded`).
- `status` (String) Status of this report run. This will be `pending` when the run is initially created.
 When the run finishes, this will be set to `succeeded` and the `result` field will be populated.
 Rarely, we may encounter an error, at which point this will be set to `failed` and the `error` field will be populated.
- `succeeded_at` (Number) Timestamp at which this run successfully finished (populated when
 `status=succeeded`). Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `columns` (List of String) The set of output columns requested for inclusion in the report run.
- `connected_account` (String) Connected account ID by which to filter the report run.
- `currency` (String) Currency of objects to be included in the report run.
- `interval_end` (Number) Ending timestamp of data to be included in the report run. Can be any UTC timestamp between 1 second after the user specified `interval_start` and 1 second before this report's last `data_available_end` value.
- `interval_start` (Number) Starting timestamp of data to be included in the report run. Can be any UTC timestamp between 1 second after this report's `data_available_start` and 1 second before the user specified `interval_end` value.
- `payout` (String) Payout ID by which to filter the report run.
- `reporting_category` (String) Category of balance transactions to be included in the report run.
- `timezone` (String) Defaults to `Etc/UTC`. The output timezone for all timestamps in the report. A list of possible time zone values is maintained at the [IANA Time Zone Database](http://www.iana.org/time-zones). Has no effect on `interval_start` or `interval_end`.
