---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_billing_meter Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Meters specify how to aggregate meter events over a billing period. Meter events represent the actions that customers take in your system. Meters attach to prices and form the basis of the bill.
  Related guide: Usage based billing https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/usage-based
---

# stripe_billing_meter (Resource)

Meters specify how to aggregate meter events over a billing period. Meter events represent the actions that customers take in your system. Meters attach to prices and form the basis of the bill.

Related guide: [Usage based billing](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/usage-based)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The meter's name.
- `event_name` (String) The name of the meter event to record usage for. Corresponds with the `event_name` field on meter events.

### Optional

- `customer_mapping` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--customer_mapping))
- `default_aggregation` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_aggregation))
- `event_time_window` (String) The time window which meter events have been pre-aggregated for, if any.
- `value_settings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--value_settings))

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `status` (String) The meter's status.
- `status_transitions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status_transitions))
- `updated` (Number) Time at which the object was last updated. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.

<a id="nestedblock--customer_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_mapping`

Required:

- `event_payload_key` (String) The key in the meter event payload to use for mapping the event to a customer.
- `type` (String) The method for mapping a meter event to a customer.


<a id="nestedblock--default_aggregation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_aggregation`

Required:

- `formula` (String) Specifies how events are aggregated.


<a id="nestedblock--value_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `value_settings`

Optional:

- `event_payload_key` (String) The key in the meter event payload to use as the value for this meter.


<a id="nestedatt--status_transitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status_transitions`

Read-Only:

- `deactivated_at` (Number) The time the meter was deactivated, if any. Measured in seconds since Unix epoch.
