---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_billing_alert Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A billing alert is a resource that notifies you when a certain usage threshold on a meter is crossed. For example, you might create a billing alert to notify you when a certain user made 100 API requests.
---

# stripe_billing_alert (Resource)

A billing alert is a resource that notifies you when a certain usage threshold on a meter is crossed. For example, you might create a billing alert to notify you when a certain user made 100 API requests.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_type` (String) Defines the type of the alert.
- `title` (String) Title of the alert.

### Optional

- `usage_threshold` (Attributes) Encapsulates configuration of the alert to monitor usage on a specific [Billing Meter](https://docs.stripe.com/api/billing/meter). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage_threshold))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `status` (String) Status of the alert. This can be active, inactive or archived.

<a id="nestedatt--usage_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage_threshold`

Required:

- `gte` (Number) The value at which this alert will trigger.
- `meter` (String) The [Billing Meter](/api/billing/meter) ID whose usage is monitored.
- `recurrence` (String) Defines how the alert will behave.

Optional:

- `filters` (Attributes List) The filters allow limiting the scope of this usage alert. You can only specify up to one filter at this time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage_threshold--filters))

<a id="nestedatt--usage_threshold--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage_threshold.filters`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `customer` (String) Limit the scope of the alert to this customer ID
