---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_billing_portal_configuration Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A portal configuration describes the functionality and behavior you embed in a portal session. Related guide: Configure the customer portal.
---

# stripe_billing_portal_configuration (Resource)

A portal configuration describes the functionality and behavior you embed in a portal session. Related guide: [Configure the customer portal](/customer-management/configure-portal).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `features` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features))

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the configuration is active and can be used to create portal sessions.
- `business_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--business_profile))
- `default_return_url` (String) The default URL to redirect customers to when they click on the portal's link to return to your website. This can be [overriden](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customer_portal/sessions/create#create_portal_session-return_url) when creating the session.
- `login_page` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_page))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration.

### Read-Only

- `application` (String) ID of the Connect Application that created the configuration.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether the configuration is the default. If `true`, this configuration can be managed in the Dashboard and portal sessions will use this configuration unless it is overriden when creating the session.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.

<a id="nestedatt--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Optional:

- `customer_update` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--customer_update))
- `invoice_history` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--invoice_history))
- `payment_method_update` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--payment_method_update))
- `subscription_cancel` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--subscription_cancel))
- `subscription_update` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--subscription_update))

<a id="nestedatt--features--customer_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.customer_update`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the feature is enabled.

Optional:

- `allowed_updates` (List of String) The types of customer updates that are supported. When empty, customers are not updateable.


<a id="nestedatt--features--invoice_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.invoice_history`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the feature is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--features--payment_method_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.payment_method_update`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the feature is enabled.

Optional:

- `payment_method_configuration` (String) The [Payment Method Configuration](/api/payment_method_configurations) to use for this portal session. When specified, customers will be able to update their payment method to one of the options specified by the payment method configuration. If not set, the default payment method configuration is used.


<a id="nestedatt--features--subscription_cancel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.subscription_cancel`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the feature is enabled.

Optional:

- `cancellation_reason` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--subscription_cancel--cancellation_reason))
- `mode` (String) Whether to cancel subscriptions immediately or at the end of the billing period.
- `proration_behavior` (String) Whether to create prorations when canceling subscriptions. Possible values are `none` and `create_prorations`.

<a id="nestedatt--features--subscription_cancel--cancellation_reason"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.subscription_cancel.cancellation_reason`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the feature is enabled.
- `options` (List of String) Which cancellation reasons will be given as options to the customer.



<a id="nestedatt--features--subscription_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.subscription_update`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the feature is enabled.

Optional:

- `billing_cycle_anchor` (String) Determines the value to use for the billing cycle anchor on subscription updates. Valid values are `now` or `unchanged`, and the default value is `unchanged`. Setting the value to `now` resets the subscription's billing cycle anchor to the current time (in UTC). For more information, see the billing cycle [documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle).
- `default_allowed_updates` (List of String) The types of subscription updates that are supported for items listed in the `products` attribute. When empty, subscriptions are not updateable.
- `products` (Attributes List) The list of up to 10 products that support subscription updates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--subscription_update--products))
- `proration_behavior` (String) Determines how to handle prorations resulting from subscription updates. Valid values are `none`, `create_prorations`, and `always_invoice`. Defaults to a value of `none` if you don't set it during creation.
- `schedule_at_period_end` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--subscription_update--schedule_at_period_end))
- `trial_update_behavior` (String) Determines how handle updates to trialing subscriptions. Valid values are `end_trial` and `continue_trial`. Defaults to a value of `end_trial` if you don't set it during creation.

<a id="nestedatt--features--subscription_update--products"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.subscription_update.products`

Required:

- `prices` (List of String) The list of price IDs which, when subscribed to, a subscription can be updated.
- `product` (String) The product ID.

Optional:

- `adjustable_quantity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--subscription_update--products--adjustable_quantity))

<a id="nestedatt--features--subscription_update--products--adjustable_quantity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.subscription_update.products.adjustable_quantity`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the quantity can be adjusted to any non-negative integer.

Optional:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum quantity that can be set for the product.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum quantity that can be set for the product.



<a id="nestedatt--features--subscription_update--schedule_at_period_end"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.subscription_update.schedule_at_period_end`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of conditions. When any condition is true, an update will be scheduled at the end of the current period. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--subscription_update--schedule_at_period_end--conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--features--subscription_update--schedule_at_period_end--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.subscription_update.schedule_at_period_end.conditions`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of condition.





<a id="nestedatt--business_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `business_profile`

Optional:

- `headline` (String) The messaging shown to customers in the portal.
- `privacy_policy_url` (String) A link to the business’s publicly available privacy policy.
- `terms_of_service_url` (String) A link to the business’s publicly available terms of service.


<a id="nestedatt--login_page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_page`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, a shareable `url` will be generated that will take your customers to a hosted login page for the customer portal.

If `false`, the previously generated `url`, if any, will be deactivated.

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) A shareable URL to the hosted portal login page. Your customers will be able to log in with their [email](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers/object#customer_object-email) and receive a link to their customer portal.
