---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_billing_credit_grant Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A credit grant is an API resource that documents the allocation of some billing credits to a customer.
  Related guide: Billing credits https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/usage-based/billing-credits
---

# stripe_billing_credit_grant (Resource)

A credit grant is an API resource that documents the allocation of some billing credits to a customer.

Related guide: [Billing credits](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/usage-based/billing-credits)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `amount` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--amount))
- `applicability_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applicability_config))

### Optional

- `category` (String) The category of this credit grant. This is for tracking purposes and isn't displayed to the customer.
- `customer` (String) ID of the customer receiving the billing credits.
- `customer_account` (String) ID of the account representing the customer receiving the billing credits
- `effective_at` (Number) The time when the billing credits become effective-when they're eligible for use.
- `expires_at` (Number) The time when the billing credits expire. If not present, the billing credits don't expire.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `name` (String) A descriptive name shown in dashboard.
- `priority` (Number) The priority for applying this credit grant. The highest priority is 0 and the lowest is 100.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `test_clock` (String) ID of the test clock this credit grant belongs to.
- `updated` (Number) Time at which the object was last updated. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `voided_at` (Number) The time when this credit grant was voided. If not present, the credit grant hasn't been voided.

<a id="nestedatt--amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `amount`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of this amount. We currently only support `monetary` billing credits.

Optional:

- `monetary` (Attributes) The monetary amount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--amount--monetary))

<a id="nestedatt--amount--monetary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `amount.monetary`

Required:

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `value` (Number) A positive integer representing the amount.



<a id="nestedatt--applicability_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applicability_config`

Required:

- `scope` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applicability_config--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--applicability_config--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applicability_config.scope`

Optional:

- `price_type` (String) The price type that credit grants can apply to. We currently only support the `metered` price type. This refers to prices that have a [Billing Meter](https://docs.stripe.com/api/billing/meter) attached to them. Cannot be used in combination with `prices`.
- `prices` (Attributes List) The prices that credit grants can apply to. We currently only support `metered` prices. This refers to prices that have a [Billing Meter](https://docs.stripe.com/api/billing/meter) attached to them. Cannot be used in combination with `price_type`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applicability_config--scope--prices))

<a id="nestedatt--applicability_config--scope--prices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applicability_config.scope.prices`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
