---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_climate_order Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Orders represent your intent to purchase a particular Climate product. When you create an order, the
  payment is deducted from your merchant balance.
---

# stripe_climate_order (Resource)

Orders represent your intent to purchase a particular Climate product. When you create an order, the
payment is deducted from your merchant balance.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `product` (String) Unique ID for the Climate `Product` this order is purchasing.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `amount` (Number, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Requested amount of carbon removal units. Either this or `metric_tons` must be specified.
- `beneficiary` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--beneficiary))
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase, representing the currency for this order.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `metric_tons` (Number) Quantity of carbon removal that is included in this order.

### Read-Only

- `amount_fees` (Number) Total amount of [Frontier](https://frontierclimate.com/)'s service fees in the currency's smallest unit.
- `amount_subtotal` (Number) Total amount of the carbon removal in the currency's smallest unit.
- `amount_total` (Number) Total amount of the order including fees in the currency's smallest unit.
- `canceled_at` (Number) Time at which the order was canceled. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `cancellation_reason` (String) Reason for the cancellation of this order.
- `certificate` (String) For delivered orders, a URL to a delivery certificate for the order.
- `confirmed_at` (Number) Time at which the order was confirmed. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `delayed_at` (Number) Time at which the order's expected_delivery_year was delayed. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `delivered_at` (Number) Time at which the order was delivered. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `delivery_details` (Attributes List) Details about the delivery of carbon removal for this order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delivery_details))
- `expected_delivery_year` (Number) The year this order is expected to be delivered.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `product_substituted_at` (Number) Time at which the order's product was substituted for a different product. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `status` (String) The current status of this order.

<a id="nestedatt--beneficiary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `beneficiary`

Required:

- `public_name` (String) Publicly displayable name for the end beneficiary of carbon removal.


<a id="nestedatt--delivery_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delivery_details`

Read-Only:

- `delivered_at` (Number) Time at which the delivery occurred. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `location` (Attributes) Specific location of this delivery. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delivery_details--location))
- `metric_tons` (String) Quantity of carbon removal supplied by this delivery.
- `registry_url` (String) Once retired, a URL to the registry entry for the tons from this delivery.
- `supplier` (String) A supplier of carbon removal.

<a id="nestedatt--delivery_details--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delivery_details.location`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) The city where the supplier is located.
- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country where the supplier is located.
- `latitude` (Number) The geographic latitude where the supplier is located.
- `longitude` (Number) The geographic longitude where the supplier is located.
- `region` (String) The state/county/province/region where the supplier is located.
