---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_credit_note Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Issue a credit note to adjust an invoice's amount after the invoice is finalized.
  Related guide: Credit notes https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/credit-notes
---

# stripe_credit_note (Resource)

Issue a credit note to adjust an invoice's amount after the invoice is finalized.

Related guide: [Credit notes](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/credit-notes)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `invoice` (String) ID of the invoice.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `amount` (Number) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the total amount of the credit note, including tax.
- `credit_amount` (Number, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the amount to credit the customer's balance, which will be automatically applied to their next invoice.
- `effective_at` (Number) The date when this credit note is in effect. Same as `created` unless overwritten. When defined, this value replaces the system-generated 'Date of issue' printed on the credit note PDF.
- `email_type` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Type of email to send to the customer, one of `credit_note` or `none` and the default is `credit_note`.
- `memo` (String) Customer-facing text that appears on the credit note PDF.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `out_of_band_amount` (Number) Amount that was credited outside of Stripe.
- `reason` (String) Reason for issuing this credit note, one of `duplicate`, `fraudulent`, `order_change`, or `product_unsatisfactory`
- `refund_amount` (Number, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the amount to refund. If set, a refund will be created for the charge associated with the invoice.
- `refunds` (Attributes List) Refunds related to this credit note. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--refunds))
- `shipping_cost` (Attributes) The details of the cost of shipping, including the ShippingRate applied to the invoice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_cost))

### Read-Only

- `amount_shipping` (Number) This is the sum of all the shipping amounts.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `customer` (String) ID of the customer.
- `customer_balance_transaction` (String) Customer balance transaction related to this credit note.
- `discount_amount` (Number) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the total amount of discount that was credited.
- `discount_amounts` (Attributes List) The aggregate amounts calculated per discount for all line items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discount_amounts))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `number` (String) A unique number that identifies this particular credit note and appears on the PDF of the credit note and its associated invoice.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `post_payment_amount` (Number) The amount of the credit note that was refunded to the customer, credited to the customer's balance, credited outside of Stripe, or any combination thereof.
- `pre_payment_amount` (Number) The amount of the credit note by which the invoice's `amount_remaining` and `amount_due` were reduced.
- `pretax_credit_amounts` (Attributes List) The pretax credit amounts (ex: discount, credit grants, etc) for all line items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pretax_credit_amounts))
- `status` (String) Status of this credit note, one of `issued` or `void`. Learn more about [voiding credit notes](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/credit-notes#voiding).
- `subtotal` (Number) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the amount of the credit note, excluding exclusive tax and invoice level discounts.
- `subtotal_excluding_tax` (Number) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the amount of the credit note, excluding all tax and invoice level discounts.
- `total` (Number) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the total amount of the credit note, including tax and all discount.
- `total_excluding_tax` (Number) The integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) representing the total amount of the credit note, excluding tax, but including discounts.
- `total_taxes` (Attributes List) The aggregate tax information for all line items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_taxes))
- `type` (String) Type of this credit note, one of `pre_payment` or `post_payment`. A `pre_payment` credit note means it was issued when the invoice was open. A `post_payment` credit note means it was issued when the invoice was paid.
- `voided_at` (Number) The time that the credit note was voided.

<a id="nestedatt--refunds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `refunds`

Optional:

- `amount_refunded` (Number) Amount of the refund that applies to this credit note, in cents (or local equivalent).
- `payment_record_refund` (Attributes) The PaymentRecord refund details associated with this credit note refund. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--refunds--payment_record_refund))
- `refund` (String) ID of the refund.
- `type` (String) Type of the refund, one of `refund` or `payment_record_refund`.

<a id="nestedatt--refunds--payment_record_refund"></a>
### Nested Schema for `refunds.payment_record_refund`

Required:

- `payment_record` (String) ID of the payment record.
- `refund_group` (String) ID of the refund group.



<a id="nestedatt--shipping_cost"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_cost`

Optional:

- `shipping_rate` (String) The ID of the ShippingRate for this invoice.

Read-Only:

- `amount_subtotal` (Number) Total shipping cost before any taxes are applied.
- `amount_tax` (Number) Total tax amount applied due to shipping costs. If no tax was applied, defaults to 0.
- `amount_total` (Number) Total shipping cost after taxes are applied.
- `taxes` (Attributes List) The taxes applied to the shipping rate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_cost--taxes))

<a id="nestedatt--shipping_cost--taxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_cost.taxes`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) Amount of tax applied for this rate.
- `rate` (String) Tax rates can be applied to [invoices](/invoicing/taxes/tax-rates), [subscriptions](/billing/taxes/tax-rates) and [Checkout Sessions](/payments/checkout/use-manual-tax-rates) to collect tax.

Related guide: [Tax rates](/billing/taxes/tax-rates)
- `taxability_reason` (String) The reasoning behind this tax, for example, if the product is tax exempt. The possible values for this field may be extended as new tax rules are supported.
- `taxable_amount` (Number) The amount on which tax is calculated, in cents (or local equivalent).



<a id="nestedatt--discount_amounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discount_amounts`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) The amount, in cents (or local equivalent), of the discount.
- `discount` (String) The discount that was applied to get this discount amount.


<a id="nestedatt--pretax_credit_amounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pretax_credit_amounts`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) The amount, in cents (or local equivalent), of the pretax credit amount.
- `credit_balance_transaction` (String) The credit balance transaction that was applied to get this pretax credit amount.
- `discount` (String) The discount that was applied to get this pretax credit amount.
- `type` (String) Type of the pretax credit amount referenced.


<a id="nestedatt--total_taxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_taxes`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) The amount of the tax, in cents (or local equivalent).
- `tax_behavior` (String) Whether this tax is inclusive or exclusive.
- `tax_rate_details` (Attributes) Additional details about the tax rate. Only present when `type` is `tax_rate_details`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_taxes--tax_rate_details))
- `taxability_reason` (String) The reasoning behind this tax, for example, if the product is tax exempt. The possible values for this field may be extended as new tax rules are supported.
- `taxable_amount` (Number) The amount on which tax is calculated, in cents (or local equivalent).
- `type` (String) The type of tax information.

<a id="nestedatt--total_taxes--tax_rate_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_taxes.tax_rate_details`

Read-Only:

- `tax_rate` (String) ID of the tax rate
