---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_issuing_cardholder Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An Issuing Cardholder object represents an individual or business entity who is issued https://docs.stripe.com/issuing cards.
  Related guide: How to create a cardholder https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/cards/virtual/issue-cards#create-cardholder
---

# stripe_issuing_cardholder (Resource)

An Issuing `Cardholder` object represents an individual or business entity who is [issued](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing) cards.

Related guide: [How to create a cardholder](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/cards/virtual/issue-cards#create-cardholder)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing))
- `name` (String) The cardholder's name. This will be printed on cards issued to them.

### Optional

- `company` (Attributes) Additional information about a `company` cardholder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--company))
- `email` (String) The cardholder's email address.
- `individual` (Attributes) Additional information about an `individual` cardholder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--individual))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `phone_number` (String) The cardholder's phone number. This is required for all cardholders who will be creating EU cards. See the [3D Secure documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/3d-secure#when-is-3d-secure-applied) for more details.
- `preferred_locales` (List of String) The cardholder’s preferred locales (languages), ordered by preference. Locales can be `da`, `de`, `en`, `es`, `fr`, `it`, `pl`, or `sv`.
 This changes the language of the [3D Secure flow](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/3d-secure) and one-time password messages sent to the cardholder.
- `spending_controls` (Attributes) Rules that control spending across this cardholder's cards. Refer to our [documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/controls/spending-controls) for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spending_controls))
- `status` (String) Specifies whether to permit authorizations on this cardholder's cards.
- `type` (String) One of `individual` or `company`. See [Choose a cardholder type](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/other/choose-cardholder) for more details.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `requirements` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--billing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing`

Required:

- `address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing--address))

<a id="nestedatt--billing--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing.address`

Required:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.

Optional:

- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).



<a id="nestedatt--company"></a>
### Nested Schema for `company`

Optional:

- `tax_id` (String) The entity's business ID number.

Read-Only:

- `tax_id_provided` (Boolean) Whether the company's business ID number was provided.


<a id="nestedatt--individual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `individual`

Optional:

- `card_issuing` (Attributes) Information related to the card_issuing program for this cardholder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--individual--card_issuing))
- `dob` (Attributes) The date of birth of this cardholder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--individual--dob))
- `first_name` (String) The first name of this cardholder. Required before activating Cards. This field cannot contain any numbers, special characters (except periods, commas, hyphens, spaces and apostrophes) or non-latin letters.
- `last_name` (String) The last name of this cardholder. Required before activating Cards. This field cannot contain any numbers, special characters (except periods, commas, hyphens, spaces and apostrophes) or non-latin letters.
- `verification` (Attributes) Government-issued ID document for this cardholder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--individual--verification))

<a id="nestedatt--individual--card_issuing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `individual.card_issuing`

Optional:

- `user_terms_acceptance` (Attributes) Information about cardholder acceptance of Celtic [Authorized User Terms](https://stripe.com/docs/issuing/cards#accept-authorized-user-terms). Required for cards backed by a Celtic program. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--individual--card_issuing--user_terms_acceptance))

<a id="nestedatt--individual--card_issuing--user_terms_acceptance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `individual.card_issuing.user_terms_acceptance`

Optional:

- `date` (Number) The Unix timestamp marking when the cardholder accepted the Authorized User Terms.
- `ip` (String) The IP address from which the cardholder accepted the Authorized User Terms.
- `user_agent` (String) The user agent of the browser from which the cardholder accepted the Authorized User Terms.



<a id="nestedatt--individual--dob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `individual.dob`

Required:

- `day` (Number) The day of birth, between 1 and 31.
- `month` (Number) The month of birth, between 1 and 12.
- `year` (Number) The four-digit year of birth.


<a id="nestedatt--individual--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `individual.verification`

Optional:

- `document` (Attributes) An identifying document, either a passport or local ID card. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--individual--verification--document))

<a id="nestedatt--individual--verification--document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `individual.verification.document`

Optional:

- `back` (String) The back of a document returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `identity_document`.
- `front` (String) The front of a document returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `identity_document`.




<a id="nestedatt--spending_controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spending_controls`

Optional:

- `allowed_card_presences` (List of String) Array of card presence statuses from which authorizations will be allowed. Possible options are `present`, `not_present`. All other statuses will be blocked. Cannot be set with `blocked_card_presences`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `allowed_categories` (List of String) Array of strings containing [categories](https://docs.stripe.com/api#issuing_authorization_object-merchant_data-category) of authorizations to allow. All other categories will be blocked. Cannot be set with `blocked_categories`.
- `allowed_merchant_countries` (List of String) Array of strings containing representing countries from which authorizations will be allowed. Authorizations from merchants in all other countries will be declined. Country codes should be ISO 3166 alpha-2 country codes (e.g. `US`). Cannot be set with `blocked_merchant_countries`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `blocked_card_presences` (List of String) Array of card presence statuses from which authorizations will be declined. Possible options are `present`, `not_present`. Cannot be set with `allowed_card_presences`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `blocked_categories` (List of String) Array of strings containing [categories](https://docs.stripe.com/api#issuing_authorization_object-merchant_data-category) of authorizations to decline. All other categories will be allowed. Cannot be set with `allowed_categories`.
- `blocked_merchant_countries` (List of String) Array of strings containing representing countries from which authorizations will be declined. Country codes should be ISO 3166 alpha-2 country codes (e.g. `US`). Cannot be set with `allowed_merchant_countries`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `spending_limits` (Attributes List) Limit spending with amount-based rules that apply across this cardholder's cards. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spending_controls--spending_limits))
- `spending_limits_currency` (String) Currency of the amounts within `spending_limits`.

<a id="nestedatt--spending_controls--spending_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spending_controls.spending_limits`

Required:

- `amount` (Number) Maximum amount allowed to spend per interval. This amount is in the card's currency and in the [smallest currency unit](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies#zero-decimal).
- `interval` (String) Interval (or event) to which the amount applies.

Optional:

- `categories` (List of String) Array of strings containing [categories](https://docs.stripe.com/api#issuing_authorization_object-merchant_data-category) this limit applies to. Omitting this field will apply the limit to all categories.



<a id="nestedatt--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requirements`

Read-Only:

- `past_due` (List of String) Array of fields that need to be collected in order to verify and re-enable the cardholder.
