---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_issuing_card Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can create physical or virtual cards https://docs.stripe.com/issuing that are issued to cardholders.
---

# stripe_issuing_card (Resource)

You can [create physical or virtual cards](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing) that are issued to cardholders.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Supported currencies are `usd` in the US, `eur` in the EU, and `gbp` in the UK.
- `type` (String) The type of the card.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `cardholder` (String) An Issuing `Cardholder` object represents an individual or business entity who is [issued](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing) cards.

Related guide: [How to create a cardholder](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/cards/virtual/issue-cards#create-cardholder)
- `exp_month` (Number) The expiration month of the card.
- `exp_year` (Number) The expiration year of the card.
- `financial_account` (String) The financial account this card is attached to.
- `lifecycle_controls` (Attributes) Rules that control the lifecycle of this card, such as automatic cancellation. Refer to our [documentation](/issuing/controls/lifecycle-controls) for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_controls))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `personalization_design` (String) The personalization design object belonging to this card.
- `pin` (Attributes, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The desired PIN for this card. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pin))
- `replacement_for` (String) The card this card replaces, if any.
- `replacement_reason` (String) The reason why the previous card needed to be replaced.
- `shipping` (Attributes) Where and how the card will be shipped. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping))
- `spending_controls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spending_controls))
- `status` (String) Whether authorizations can be approved on this card. May be blocked from activating cards depending on past-due Cardholder requirements. Defaults to `inactive`.

### Read-Only

- `brand` (String) The brand of the card.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `cvc` (String) The card's CVC. For security reasons, this is only available for virtual cards, and will be omitted unless you explicitly request it with [the `expand` parameter](https://docs.stripe.com/api/expanding_objects). Additionally, it's only available via the ["Retrieve a card" endpoint](https://docs.stripe.com/api/issuing/cards/retrieve), not via "List all cards" or any other endpoint.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `last4` (String) The last 4 digits of the card number.
- `latest_fraud_warning` (Attributes) Stripe’s assessment of whether this card’s details have been compromised. If this property isn't null, cancel and reissue the card to prevent fraudulent activity risk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_fraud_warning))
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `number` (String) The full unredacted card number. For security reasons, this is only available for virtual cards, and will be omitted unless you explicitly request it with [the `expand` parameter](https://docs.stripe.com/api/expanding_objects). Additionally, it's only available via the ["Retrieve a card" endpoint](https://docs.stripe.com/api/issuing/cards/retrieve), not via "List all cards" or any other endpoint.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `replaced_by` (String) The latest card that replaces this card, if any.
- `wallets` (Attributes) Information relating to digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wallets))

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_controls`

Required:

- `cancel_after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_controls--cancel_after))

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_controls--cancel_after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_controls.cancel_after`

Required:

- `payment_count` (Number) The card is automatically cancelled when it makes this number of non-zero payment authorizations and transactions. The count includes penny authorizations, but doesn't include non-payment actions, such as authorization advice.



<a id="nestedatt--pin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pin`

Optional:

- `encrypted_number` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The card's desired new PIN, encrypted under Stripe's public key.


<a id="nestedatt--shipping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping`

Required:

- `address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping--address))
- `name` (String) Recipient name.

Optional:

- `address_validation` (Attributes) Address validation details for the shipment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping--address_validation))
- `customs` (Attributes) Additional information that may be required for clearing customs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping--customs))
- `phone_number` (String) The phone number of the receiver of the shipment. Our courier partners will use this number to contact you in the event of card delivery issues. For individual shipments to the EU/UK, if this field is empty, we will provide them with the phone number provided when the cardholder was initially created.
- `require_signature` (Boolean) Whether a signature is required for card delivery. This feature is only supported for US users. Standard shipping service does not support signature on delivery. The default value for standard shipping service is false and for express and priority services is true.
- `service` (String) Shipment service, such as `standard` or `express`.
- `type` (String) Packaging options.

Read-Only:

- `carrier` (String) The delivery company that shipped a card.
- `eta` (Number) A unix timestamp representing a best estimate of when the card will be delivered.
- `status` (String) The delivery status of the card.
- `tracking_number` (String) A tracking number for a card shipment.
- `tracking_url` (String) A link to the shipping carrier's site where you can view detailed information about a card shipment.

<a id="nestedatt--shipping--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping.address`

Required:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.

Optional:

- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).


<a id="nestedatt--shipping--address_validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping.address_validation`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The address validation capabilities to use.

Read-Only:

- `normalized_address` (Attributes) The normalized shipping address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping--address_validation--normalized_address))
- `result` (String) The validation result for the shipping address.

<a id="nestedatt--shipping--address_validation--normalized_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping.address_validation.normalized_address`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).



<a id="nestedatt--shipping--customs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping.customs`

Optional:

- `eori_number` (String) A registration number used for customs in Europe. See [https://www.gov.uk/eori](https://www.gov.uk/eori) for the UK and [https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/customs-procedures-import-and-export/customs-procedures/economic-operators-registration-and-identification-number-eori_en](https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/customs-procedures-import-and-export/customs-procedures/economic-operators-registration-and-identification-number-eori_en) for the EU.



<a id="nestedatt--spending_controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spending_controls`

Optional:

- `allowed_card_presences` (List of String) Array of card presence statuses from which authorizations will be allowed. Possible options are `present`, `not_present`. All other statuses will be blocked. Cannot be set with `blocked_card_presences`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `allowed_categories` (List of String) Array of strings containing [categories](https://docs.stripe.com/api#issuing_authorization_object-merchant_data-category) of authorizations to allow. All other categories will be blocked. Cannot be set with `blocked_categories`.
- `allowed_merchant_countries` (List of String) Array of strings containing representing countries from which authorizations will be allowed. Authorizations from merchants in all other countries will be declined. Country codes should be ISO 3166 alpha-2 country codes (e.g. `US`). Cannot be set with `blocked_merchant_countries`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `blocked_card_presences` (List of String) Array of card presence statuses from which authorizations will be declined. Possible options are `present`, `not_present`. Cannot be set with `allowed_card_presences`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `blocked_categories` (List of String) Array of strings containing [categories](https://docs.stripe.com/api#issuing_authorization_object-merchant_data-category) of authorizations to decline. All other categories will be allowed. Cannot be set with `allowed_categories`.
- `blocked_merchant_countries` (List of String) Array of strings containing representing countries from which authorizations will be declined. Country codes should be ISO 3166 alpha-2 country codes (e.g. `US`). Cannot be set with `allowed_merchant_countries`. Provide an empty value to unset this control.
- `spending_limits` (Attributes List) Limit spending with amount-based rules that apply across any cards this card replaced (i.e., its `replacement_for` card and _that_ card's `replacement_for` card, up the chain). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spending_controls--spending_limits))

Read-Only:

- `spending_limits_currency` (String) Currency of the amounts within `spending_limits`. Always the same as the currency of the card.

<a id="nestedatt--spending_controls--spending_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spending_controls.spending_limits`

Required:

- `amount` (Number) Maximum amount allowed to spend per interval. This amount is in the card's currency and in the [smallest currency unit](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies#zero-decimal).
- `interval` (String) Interval (or event) to which the amount applies.

Optional:

- `categories` (List of String) Array of strings containing [categories](https://docs.stripe.com/api#issuing_authorization_object-merchant_data-category) this limit applies to. Omitting this field will apply the limit to all categories.



<a id="nestedatt--latest_fraud_warning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_fraud_warning`

Read-Only:

- `started_at` (Number) Timestamp of the most recent fraud warning.
- `type` (String) The type of fraud warning that most recently took place on this card. This field updates with every new fraud warning, so the value changes over time. If populated, cancel and reissue the card.


<a id="nestedatt--wallets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wallets`

Read-Only:

- `apple_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wallets--apple_pay))
- `google_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wallets--google_pay))
- `primary_account_identifier` (String) Unique identifier for a card used with digital wallets

<a id="nestedatt--wallets--apple_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wallets.apple_pay`

Read-Only:

- `eligible` (Boolean) Apple Pay Eligibility
- `ineligible_reason` (String) Reason the card is ineligible for Apple Pay


<a id="nestedatt--wallets--google_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wallets.google_pay`

Read-Only:

- `eligible` (Boolean) Google Pay Eligibility
- `ineligible_reason` (String) Reason the card is ineligible for Google Pay
