---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_issuing_personalization_design Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Personalization Design is a logical grouping of a Physical Bundle, card logo, and carrier text that represents a product line.
---

# stripe_issuing_personalization_design (Resource)

A Personalization Design is a logical grouping of a Physical Bundle, card logo, and carrier text that represents a product line.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `physical_bundle` (String) The physical bundle object belonging to this personalization design.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `card_logo` (String) The file for the card logo to use with physical bundles that support card logos. Must have a `purpose` value of `issuing_logo`. Image must be in PNG format with dimensions of 1000px by 200px. It must be a binary (black and white) image containing a black logo on a white background. We don't accept grayscale.
- `carrier_text` (Attributes) Hash containing carrier text, for use with physical bundles that support carrier text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--carrier_text))
- `lookup_key` (String) A lookup key used to retrieve personalization designs dynamically from a static string. This may be up to 200 characters.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `name` (String) Friendly display name.
- `preferences` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preferences))
- `transfer_lookup_key` (Boolean, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) If set to true, will atomically remove the lookup key from the existing personalization design, and assign it to this personalization design.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `rejection_reasons` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rejection_reasons))
- `status` (String) Whether this personalization design can be used to create cards.

<a id="nestedatt--carrier_text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `carrier_text`

Optional:

- `footer_body` (String) The footer body text of the carrier letter.
- `footer_title` (String) The footer title text of the carrier letter.
- `header_body` (String) The header body text of the carrier letter.
- `header_title` (String) The header title text of the carrier letter.


<a id="nestedatt--preferences"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preferences`

Required:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether we use this personalization design to create cards when one isn't specified. A connected account uses the Connect platform's default design if no personalization design is set as the default design.

Read-Only:

- `is_platform_default` (Boolean) Whether this personalization design is used to create cards when one is not specified and a default for this connected account does not exist.


<a id="nestedatt--rejection_reasons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rejection_reasons`

Read-Only:

- `card_logo` (List of String) The reason(s) the card logo was rejected.
- `carrier_text` (List of String) The reason(s) the carrier text was rejected.
