---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_payment_link Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A payment link is a shareable URL that will take your customers to a hosted payment page. A payment link can be shared and used multiple times.
  When a customer opens a payment link it will open a new checkout session https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkout/sessions to render the payment page. You can use checkout session events https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-checkout.session.completed to track payments through payment links.
  Related guide: Payment Links API https://docs.stripe.com/payment-links
---

# stripe_payment_link (Resource)

A payment link is a shareable URL that will take your customers to a hosted payment page. A payment link can be shared and used multiple times.

When a customer opens a payment link it will open a new [checkout session](https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkout/sessions) to render the payment page. You can use [checkout session events](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-checkout.session.completed) to track payments through payment links.

Related guide: [Payment Links API](https://docs.stripe.com/payment-links)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `line_items` (Attributes List) The line items representing what is being sold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items))

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the payment link's `url` is active. If `false`, customers visiting the URL will be shown a page saying that the link has been deactivated.
- `after_completion` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--after_completion))
- `allow_promotion_codes` (Boolean) Whether user redeemable promotion codes are enabled.
- `application_fee_amount` (Number) The amount of the application fee (if any) that will be requested to be applied to the payment and transferred to the application owner's Stripe account.
- `application_fee_percent` (Number) This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner's Stripe account.
- `automatic_tax` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automatic_tax))
- `billing_address_collection` (String) Configuration for collecting the customer's billing address. Defaults to `auto`.
- `consent_collection` (Attributes) When set, provides configuration to gather active consent from customers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consent_collection))
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `custom_fields` (Attributes List) Collect additional information from your customer using custom fields. Up to 3 fields are supported. You can't set this parameter if `ui_mode` is `custom`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `custom_text` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text))
- `customer_creation` (String) Configuration for Customer creation during checkout.
- `inactive_message` (String) The custom message to be displayed to a customer when a payment link is no longer active.
- `invoice_creation` (Attributes) Configuration for creating invoice for payment mode payment links. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation))
- `managed_payments` (Attributes) Settings for Managed Payments for this Payment Link and resulting [CheckoutSessions](/api/checkout/sessions/object), [PaymentIntents](/api/payment_intents/object), [Invoices](/api/invoices/object), and [Subscriptions](/api/subscriptions/object). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_payments))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `name_collection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_collection))
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The account on behalf of which to charge. See the [Connect documentation](https://support.stripe.com/questions/sending-invoices-on-behalf-of-connected-accounts) for details.
- `optional_items` (Attributes List) The optional items presented to the customer at checkout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--optional_items))
- `payment_intent_data` (Attributes) Indicates the parameters to be passed to PaymentIntent creation during checkout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_intent_data))
- `payment_method_collection` (String) Configuration for collecting a payment method during checkout. Defaults to `always`.
- `payment_method_options` (Attributes) Payment-method-specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options))
- `payment_method_types` (List of String) The list of payment method types that customers can use. When `null`, Stripe will dynamically show relevant payment methods you've enabled in your [payment method settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/payment_methods).
- `phone_number_collection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone_number_collection))
- `restrictions` (Attributes) Settings that restrict the usage of a payment link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restrictions))
- `shipping_address_collection` (Attributes) Configuration for collecting the customer's shipping address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_address_collection))
- `shipping_options` (Attributes List) The shipping rate options applied to the session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shipping_options))
- `submit_type` (String) Indicates the type of transaction being performed which customizes relevant text on the page, such as the submit button.
- `subscription_data` (Attributes) When creating a subscription, the specified configuration data will be used. There must be at least one line item with a recurring price to use `subscription_data`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data))
- `tax_id_collection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tax_id_collection))
- `transfer_data` (Attributes) The account (if any) the payments will be attributed to for tax reporting, and where funds from each payment will be transferred to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transfer_data))

### Read-Only

- `application` (String) The ID of the Connect application that created the Payment Link.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `url` (String) The public URL that can be shared with customers.

<a id="nestedatt--line_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items`

Required:

- `quantity` (Number, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The quantity of the line item being purchased.

Optional:

- `adjustable_quantity` (Attributes) When set, provides configuration for this item’s quantity to be adjusted by the customer during checkout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--adjustable_quantity))
- `price` (String) The ID of the [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) or [Plan](https://docs.stripe.com/api/plans) object. One of `price` or `price_data` is required.
- `price_data` (Attributes) Data used to generate a new [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) object inline. One of `price` or `price_data` is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.

<a id="nestedatt--line_items--adjustable_quantity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.adjustable_quantity`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to true if the quantity can be adjusted to any non-negative Integer.

Optional:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum quantity the customer can purchase. By default this value is 99. You can specify a value up to 999999.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum quantity the customer can purchase. By default this value is 0. If there is only one item in the cart then that item's quantity cannot go down to 0.


<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data`

Required:

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

Optional:

- `product` (String) The ID of the [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products) that this [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) will belong to. One of `product` or `product_data` is required.
- `product_data` (Attributes) Data used to generate a new [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products) object inline. One of `product` or `product_data` is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data--product_data))
- `recurring` (Attributes) The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `interval_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data--recurring))
- `tax_behavior` (String) Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-(recommended)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `unit_amount` (Number) A non-negative integer in cents (or local equivalent) representing how much to charge. One of `unit_amount` or `unit_amount_decimal` is required.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (Number) Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents (or local equivalent) with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data--product_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data.product_data`

Required:

- `name` (String) The product's name, meant to be displayable to the customer.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The product's description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store a long form explanation of the product being sold for your own rendering purposes.
- `images` (List of String) A list of up to 8 URLs of images for this product, meant to be displayable to the customer.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `tax_code` (String) A [tax code](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/tax-categories) ID.
- `unit_label` (String) A label that represents units of this product. When set, this will be included in customers' receipts, invoices, Checkout, and the customer portal.


<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data.recurring`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Specifies billing frequency. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months. Maximum of three years interval allowed (3 years, 36 months, or 156 weeks).




<a id="nestedatt--after_completion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `after_completion`

Required:

- `type` (String) The specified behavior after the purchase is complete.

Optional:

- `hosted_confirmation` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--after_completion--hosted_confirmation))
- `redirect` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--after_completion--redirect))

<a id="nestedatt--after_completion--hosted_confirmation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `after_completion.hosted_confirmation`

Optional:

- `custom_message` (String) The custom message that is displayed to the customer after the purchase is complete.


<a id="nestedatt--after_completion--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `after_completion.redirect`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL the customer will be redirected to after the purchase is complete.



<a id="nestedatt--automatic_tax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automatic_tax`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, tax will be calculated automatically using the customer's location.

Optional:

- `liability` (Attributes) The account that's liable for tax. If set, the business address and tax registrations required to perform the tax calculation are loaded from this account. The tax transaction is returned in the report of the connected account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automatic_tax--liability))

<a id="nestedatt--automatic_tax--liability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automatic_tax.liability`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--consent_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consent_collection`

Optional:

- `payment_method_reuse_agreement` (Attributes) Settings related to the payment method reuse text shown in the Checkout UI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consent_collection--payment_method_reuse_agreement))
- `promotions` (String) If set to `auto`, enables the collection of customer consent for promotional communications.
- `terms_of_service` (String) If set to `required`, it requires cutomers to accept the terms of service before being able to pay. If set to `none`, customers won't be shown a checkbox to accept the terms of service.

<a id="nestedatt--consent_collection--payment_method_reuse_agreement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consent_collection.payment_method_reuse_agreement`

Required:

- `position` (String) Determines the position and visibility of the payment method reuse agreement in the UI. When set to `auto`, Stripe's defaults will be used.

When set to `hidden`, the payment method reuse agreement text will always be hidden in the UI.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) String of your choice that your integration can use to reconcile this field. Must be unique to this field, alphanumeric, and up to 200 characters.
- `label` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--label))
- `type` (String) The type of the field.

Optional:

- `dropdown` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown))
- `numeric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--numeric))
- `optional` (Boolean) Whether the customer is required to complete the field before completing the Checkout Session. Defaults to `false`.
- `text` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--text))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.label`

Required:

- `custom` (String) Custom text for the label, displayed to the customer. Up to 50 characters.
- `type` (String) The type of the label.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.dropdown`

Required:

- `options` (Attributes List) The options available for the customer to select. Up to 200 options allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown--options))

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) The value that pre-fills on the payment page.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--dropdown--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.dropdown.options`

Required:

- `label` (String) The label for the option, displayed to the customer. Up to 100 characters.
- `value` (String) The value for this option, not displayed to the customer, used by your integration to reconcile the option selected by the customer. Must be unique to this option, alphanumeric, and up to 100 characters.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--numeric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.numeric`

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) The value that pre-fills the field on the payment page.
- `maximum_length` (Number) The maximum character length constraint for the customer's input.
- `minimum_length` (Number) The minimum character length requirement for the customer's input.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields--text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields.text`

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) The value that pre-fills the field on the payment page.
- `maximum_length` (Number) The maximum character length constraint for the customer's input.
- `minimum_length` (Number) The minimum character length requirement for the customer's input.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text`

Optional:

- `after_submit` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed after the payment confirmation button. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--after_submit))
- `shipping_address` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed alongside shipping address collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--shipping_address))
- `submit` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed alongside the payment confirmation button. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--submit))
- `terms_of_service_acceptance` (Attributes) Custom text that should be displayed in place of the default terms of service agreement text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_text--terms_of_service_acceptance))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--after_submit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.after_submit`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--shipping_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.shipping_address`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--submit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.submit`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_text--terms_of_service_acceptance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_text.terms_of_service_acceptance`

Required:

- `message` (String) Text can be up to 1200 characters in length.



<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable creating an invoice on successful payment.

Optional:

- `invoice_data` (Attributes) Configuration for the invoice. Default invoice values will be used if unspecified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data))

<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data`

Optional:

- `account_tax_ids` (List of String) The account tax IDs associated with the invoice.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes List) A list of up to 4 custom fields to be displayed on the invoice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users.
- `footer` (String) Footer to be displayed on the invoice.
- `issuer` (Attributes) The connected account that issues the invoice. The invoice is presented with the branding and support information of the specified account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--issuer))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `rendering_options` (Attributes) Options for invoice PDF rendering. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--rendering_options))

<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data.custom_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the custom field.
- `value` (String) The value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data.issuer`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.


<a id="nestedatt--invoice_creation--invoice_data--rendering_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_creation.invoice_data.rendering_options`

Optional:

- `amount_tax_display` (String) How line-item prices and amounts will be displayed with respect to tax on invoice PDFs.
- `template` (String) ID of the invoice rendering template to be used for the generated invoice.




<a id="nestedatt--managed_payments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_payments`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable [Managed Payments](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/managed-payments), Stripe's merchant of record solution, for this session.


<a id="nestedatt--name_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_collection`

Optional:

- `business` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_collection--business))
- `individual` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_collection--individual))

<a id="nestedatt--name_collection--business"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_collection.business`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether business name collection is enabled for the payment link.

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Whether the customer is required to complete the field before checking out. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedatt--name_collection--individual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_collection.individual`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether individual name collection is enabled for the payment link.

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Whether the customer is required to complete the field before checking out. Defaults to `false`.



<a id="nestedatt--optional_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `optional_items`

Required:

- `price` (String)
- `quantity` (Number)

Optional:

- `adjustable_quantity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--optional_items--adjustable_quantity))

<a id="nestedatt--optional_items--adjustable_quantity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `optional_items.adjustable_quantity`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to true if the quantity can be adjusted to any non-negative integer.

Optional:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum quantity of this item the customer can purchase. By default this value is 99.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum quantity of this item the customer must purchase, if they choose to purchase it. Because this item is optional, the customer will always be able to remove it from their order, even if the `minimum` configured here is greater than 0. By default this value is 0.



<a id="nestedatt--payment_intent_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_intent_data`

Optional:

- `capture_method` (String) Indicates when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that will set metadata on [Payment Intents](https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents) generated from this payment link.
- `setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with the payment method collected during checkout.
- `statement_descriptor` (String) For a non-card payment, information about the charge that appears on the customer's statement when this payment succeeds in creating a charge.
- `statement_descriptor_suffix` (String) For a card payment, information about the charge that appears on the customer's statement when this payment succeeds in creating a charge. Concatenated with the account's statement descriptor prefix to form the complete statement descriptor.
- `transfer_group` (String) A string that identifies the resulting payment as part of a group. See the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/separate-charges-and-transfers) for details.


<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options`

Optional:

- `card` (Attributes) Configuration for `card` payment methods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--card))

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--card"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.card`

Optional:

- `restrictions` (Attributes) Restrictions to apply to the card payment method. For example, you can block specific card brands. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payment_method_options--card--restrictions))

<a id="nestedatt--payment_method_options--card--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payment_method_options.card.restrictions`

Optional:

- `brands_blocked` (List of String) The card brands to block. If a customer enters or selects a card belonging to a blocked brand, they can't complete the payment.




<a id="nestedatt--phone_number_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone_number_collection`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, a phone number will be collected during checkout.


<a id="nestedatt--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions`

Required:

- `completed_sessions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restrictions--completed_sessions))

<a id="nestedatt--restrictions--completed_sessions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions.completed_sessions`

Required:

- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of checkout sessions that can be completed for the `completed_sessions` restriction to be met.

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) The current number of checkout sessions that have been completed on the payment link which count towards the `completed_sessions` restriction to be met.



<a id="nestedatt--shipping_address_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_address_collection`

Required:

- `allowed_countries` (List of String) An array of two-letter ISO country codes representing which countries Checkout should provide as options for shipping locations. Unsupported country codes: `AS, CX, CC, CU, HM, IR, KP, MH, FM, NF, MP, PW, SD, SY, UM, VI`.


<a id="nestedatt--shipping_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options`

Optional:

- `shipping_rate` (String) The ID of the Shipping Rate to use for this shipping option.

Read-Only:

- `shipping_amount` (Number) A non-negative integer in cents representing how much to charge.


<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The subscription's description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription for rendering in Stripe surfaces and certain local payment methods UIs.
- `invoice_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that will set metadata on [Subscriptions](https://docs.stripe.com/api/subscriptions) generated from this payment link.
- `trial_period_days` (Number) Integer representing the number of trial period days before the customer is charged for the first time.
- `trial_settings` (Attributes) Settings related to subscription trials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.invoice_settings`

Optional:

- `issuer` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings--issuer))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--invoice_settings--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.invoice_settings.issuer`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.trial_settings`

Required:

- `end_behavior` (Attributes) Defines how a subscription behaves when a free trial ends. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings--end_behavior))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--trial_settings--end_behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.trial_settings.end_behavior`

Required:

- `missing_payment_method` (String) Indicates how the subscription should change when the trial ends if the user did not provide a payment method.




<a id="nestedatt--tax_id_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tax_id_collection`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether tax ID collection is enabled for the session.

Optional:

- `required` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--transfer_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transfer_data`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The connected account receiving the transfer.

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) The amount in cents (or local equivalent) that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.
