---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_payment_method Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PaymentMethod objects represent your customer's payment instruments.
  You can use them with PaymentIntents https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-intents to collect payments or save them to
  Customer objects to store instrument details for future payments.
  Related guides: Payment Methods https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-methods and More Payment Scenarios https://docs.stripe.com/payments/more-payment-scenarios.
---

# stripe_payment_method (Resource)

PaymentMethod objects represent your customer's payment instruments.
You can use them with [PaymentIntents](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-intents) to collect payments or save them to
Customer objects to store instrument details for future payments.

Related guides: [Payment Methods](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-methods) and [More Payment Scenarios](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/more-payment-scenarios).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `acss_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acss_debit))
- `allow_redisplay` (String) This field indicates whether this payment method can be shown again to its customer in a checkout flow. Stripe products such as Checkout and Elements use this field to determine whether a payment method can be shown as a saved payment method in a checkout flow. The field defaults to “unspecified”.
- `au_becs_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--au_becs_debit))
- `bacs_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bacs_debit))
- `billing_details` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing_details))
- `boleto` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boleto))
- `card` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card))
- `cashapp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cashapp))
- `customer` (String) The ID of the Customer to which this PaymentMethod is saved. This will not be set when the PaymentMethod has not been saved to a Customer.
- `eps` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eps))
- `fpx` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fpx))
- `ideal` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ideal))
- `interac_present` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interac_present))
- `klarna` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--klarna))
- `kr_card` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kr_card))
- `link` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--link))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `naver_pay` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--naver_pay))
- `nz_bank_account` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nz_bank_account))
- `p24` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--p24))
- `payment_method` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The PaymentMethod to share.
- `paypal` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--paypal))
- `payto` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payto))
- `radar_options` (Attributes) Options to configure Radar. See [Radar Session](https://docs.stripe.com/radar/radar-session) for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radar_options))
- `sepa_debit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sepa_debit))
- `sofort` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sofort))
- `type` (String) The type of the PaymentMethod. An additional hash is included on the PaymentMethod with a name matching this value. It contains additional information specific to the PaymentMethod type.
- `upi` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upi))
- `us_bank_account` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--us_bank_account))

### Read-Only

- `card_present` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card_present))
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.

<a id="nestedatt--acss_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acss_debit`

Required:

- `account_number` (String) Customer's bank account number.
- `institution_number` (String) Institution number of the bank account.
- `transit_number` (String) Transit number of the bank account.

Read-Only:

- `bank_name` (String) Name of the bank associated with the bank account.
- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular bank account. You can use this attribute to check whether two bank accounts are the same.
- `last4` (String) Last four digits of the bank account number.


<a id="nestedatt--au_becs_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `au_becs_debit`

Required:

- `account_number` (String) The account number for the bank account.
- `bsb_number` (String) Six-digit number identifying bank and branch associated with this bank account.

Read-Only:

- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular bank account. You can use this attribute to check whether two bank accounts are the same.
- `last4` (String) Last four digits of the bank account number.


<a id="nestedatt--bacs_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bacs_debit`

Optional:

- `account_number` (String) Account number of the bank account that the funds will be debited from.
- `sort_code` (String) Sort code of the bank account. (e.g., `10-20-30`)

Read-Only:

- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular bank account. You can use this attribute to check whether two bank accounts are the same.
- `last4` (String) Last four digits of the bank account number.


<a id="nestedatt--billing_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_details`

Optional:

- `address` (Attributes) Billing address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing_details--address))
- `email` (String) Email address.
- `name` (String) Full name.
- `phone` (String) Billing phone number (including extension).
- `tax_id` (String) Taxpayer identification number. Used only for transactions between LATAM buyers and non-LATAM sellers.

<a id="nestedatt--billing_details--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_details.address`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).



<a id="nestedatt--boleto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boleto`

Required:

- `tax_id` (String) Uniquely identifies the customer tax id (CNPJ or CPF)


<a id="nestedatt--card"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card`

Optional:

- `cvc` (String) The card's CVC. It is highly recommended to always include this value.
- `exp_month` (Number) Two-digit number representing the card's expiration month.
- `exp_year` (Number) Four-digit number representing the card's expiration year.
- `networks` (Attributes) Contains information about card networks that can be used to process the payment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--networks))
- `number` (String) The card number, as a string without any separators.
- `token` (String) For backwards compatibility, you can alternatively provide a Stripe token (e.g., for Apple Pay, Amex Express Checkout, or legacy Checkout) into the card hash with format card: {token: "tok_visa"}.

Read-Only:

- `brand` (String) Card brand. Can be `amex`, `cartes_bancaires`, `diners`, `discover`, `eftpos_au`, `jcb`, `link`, `mastercard`, `unionpay`, `visa` or `unknown`.
- `checks` (Attributes) Checks on Card address and CVC if provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--checks))
- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country of the card. You could use this attribute to get a sense of the international breakdown of cards you've collected.
- `description` (String) A high-level description of the type of cards issued in this range. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `display_brand` (String) The brand to use when displaying the card, this accounts for customer's brand choice on dual-branded cards. Can be `american_express`, `cartes_bancaires`, `diners_club`, `discover`, `eftpos_australia`, `interac`, `jcb`, `mastercard`, `union_pay`, `visa`, or `other` and may contain more values in the future.
- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular card number. You can use this attribute to check whether two customers who’ve signed up with you are using the same card number, for example. For payment methods that tokenize card information (Apple Pay, Google Pay), the tokenized number might be provided instead of the underlying card number.

*As of May 1, 2021, card fingerprint in India for Connect changed to allow two fingerprints for the same card---one for India and one for the rest of the world.*
- `funding` (String) Card funding type. Can be `credit`, `debit`, `prepaid`, or `unknown`.
- `generated_from` (Attributes) Details of the original PaymentMethod that created this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--generated_from))
- `iin` (String) Issuer identification number of the card. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `issuer` (String) The name of the card's issuing bank. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `last4` (String) The last four digits of the card.
- `regulated_status` (String) Status of a card based on the card issuer.
- `three_d_secure_usage` (Attributes) Contains details on how this Card may be used for 3D Secure authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--three_d_secure_usage))
- `wallet` (Attributes) If this Card is part of a card wallet, this contains the details of the card wallet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--wallet))

<a id="nestedatt--card--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.networks`

Optional:

- `preferred` (String) The preferred network for co-branded cards. Can be `cartes_bancaires`, `mastercard`, `visa` or `invalid_preference` if requested network is not valid for the card.

Read-Only:

- `available` (List of String) All networks available for selection via [payment_method_options.card.network](/api/payment_intents/confirm#confirm_payment_intent-payment_method_options-card-network).


<a id="nestedatt--card--checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.checks`

Read-Only:

- `address_line1_check` (String) If a address line1 was provided, results of the check, one of `pass`, `fail`, `unavailable`, or `unchecked`.
- `address_postal_code_check` (String) If a address postal code was provided, results of the check, one of `pass`, `fail`, `unavailable`, or `unchecked`.
- `cvc_check` (String) If a CVC was provided, results of the check, one of `pass`, `fail`, `unavailable`, or `unchecked`.


<a id="nestedatt--card--generated_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.generated_from`

Read-Only:

- `charge` (String) The charge that created this object.
- `payment_method_details` (Attributes) Transaction-specific details of the payment method used in the payment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details))
- `setup_attempt` (String) The ID of the SetupAttempt that generated this PaymentMethod, if any.

<a id="nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.generated_from.payment_method_details`

Read-Only:

- `card_present` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present))
- `type` (String) The type of payment method transaction-specific details from the transaction that generated this `card` payment method. Always `card_present`.

<a id="nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.generated_from.payment_method_details.card_present`

Read-Only:

- `amount_authorized` (Number) The authorized amount
- `brand` (String) Card brand. Can be `amex`, `cartes_bancaires`, `diners`, `discover`, `eftpos_au`, `jcb`, `link`, `mastercard`, `unionpay`, `visa` or `unknown`.
- `brand_product` (String) The [product code](https://stripe.com/docs/card-product-codes) that identifies the specific program or product associated with a card.
- `capture_before` (Number) When using manual capture, a future timestamp after which the charge will be automatically refunded if uncaptured.
- `cardholder_name` (String) The cardholder name as read from the card, in [ISO 7813](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_7813) format. May include alphanumeric characters, special characters and first/last name separator (`/`). In some cases, the cardholder name may not be available depending on how the issuer has configured the card. Cardholder name is typically not available on swipe or contactless payments, such as those made with Apple Pay and Google Pay.
- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country of the card. You could use this attribute to get a sense of the international breakdown of cards you've collected.
- `description` (String) A high-level description of the type of cards issued in this range. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `emv_auth_data` (String) Authorization response cryptogram.
- `exp_month` (Number) Two-digit number representing the card's expiration month.
- `exp_year` (Number) Four-digit number representing the card's expiration year.
- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular card number. You can use this attribute to check whether two customers who’ve signed up with you are using the same card number, for example. For payment methods that tokenize card information (Apple Pay, Google Pay), the tokenized number might be provided instead of the underlying card number.

*As of May 1, 2021, card fingerprint in India for Connect changed to allow two fingerprints for the same card---one for India and one for the rest of the world.*
- `funding` (String) Card funding type. Can be `credit`, `debit`, `prepaid`, or `unknown`.
- `generated_card` (String) ID of a card PaymentMethod generated from the card_present PaymentMethod that may be attached to a Customer for future transactions. Only present if it was possible to generate a card PaymentMethod.
- `iin` (String) Issuer identification number of the card. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `incremental_authorization_supported` (Boolean) Whether this [PaymentIntent](https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents) is eligible for incremental authorizations. Request support using [request_incremental_authorization_support](https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents/create#create_payment_intent-payment_method_options-card_present-request_incremental_authorization_support).
- `issuer` (String) The name of the card's issuing bank. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `last4` (String) The last four digits of the card.
- `location` (String) ID of the [location](https://docs.stripe.com/api/terminal/locations) that this transaction's reader is assigned to.
- `network` (String) Identifies which network this charge was processed on. Can be `amex`, `cartes_bancaires`, `diners`, `discover`, `eftpos_au`, `interac`, `jcb`, `link`, `mastercard`, `unionpay`, `visa`, or `unknown`.
- `network_transaction_id` (String) This is used by the financial networks to identify a transaction. Visa calls this the Transaction ID, Mastercard calls this the Trace ID, and American Express calls this the Acquirer Reference Data. This value will be present if it is returned by the financial network in the authorization response, and null otherwise.
- `offline` (Attributes) Details about payments collected offline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present--offline))
- `overcapture_supported` (Boolean) Defines whether the authorized amount can be over-captured or not
- `preferred_locales` (List of String) The languages that the issuing bank recommends using for localizing any customer-facing text, as read from the card. Referenced from EMV tag 5F2D, data encoded on the card's chip.
- `read_method` (String) How card details were read in this transaction.
- `reader` (String) ID of the [reader](https://docs.stripe.com/api/terminal/readers) this transaction was made on.
- `receipt` (Attributes) A collection of fields required to be displayed on receipts. Only required for EMV transactions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present--receipt))
- `wallet` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present--wallet))

<a id="nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present--offline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.generated_from.payment_method_details.card_present.offline`

Read-Only:

- `stored_at` (Number) Time at which the payment was collected while offline
- `type` (String) The method used to process this payment method offline. Only deferred is allowed.


<a id="nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present--receipt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.generated_from.payment_method_details.card_present.receipt`

Read-Only:

- `account_type` (String) The type of account being debited or credited
- `application_cryptogram` (String) The Application Cryptogram, a unique value generated by the card to authenticate the transaction with issuers.
- `application_preferred_name` (String) The Application Identifier (AID) on the card used to determine which networks are eligible to process the transaction. Referenced from EMV tag 9F12, data encoded on the card's chip.
- `authorization_code` (String) Identifier for this transaction.
- `authorization_response_code` (String) EMV tag 8A. A code returned by the card issuer.
- `cardholder_verification_method` (String) Describes the method used by the cardholder to verify ownership of the card. One of the following: `approval`, `failure`, `none`, `offline_pin`, `offline_pin_and_signature`, `online_pin`, or `signature`.
- `dedicated_file_name` (String) Similar to the application_preferred_name, identifying the applications (AIDs) available on the card. Referenced from EMV tag 84.
- `terminal_verification_results` (String) A 5-byte string that records the checks and validations that occur between the card and the terminal. These checks determine how the terminal processes the transaction and what risk tolerance is acceptable. Referenced from EMV Tag 95.
- `transaction_status_information` (String) An indication of which steps were completed during the card read process. Referenced from EMV Tag 9B.


<a id="nestedatt--card--generated_from--payment_method_details--card_present--wallet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.generated_from.payment_method_details.card_present.wallet`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of mobile wallet, one of `apple_pay`, `google_pay`, `samsung_pay`, or `unknown`.





<a id="nestedatt--card--three_d_secure_usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.three_d_secure_usage`

Read-Only:

- `supported` (Boolean) Whether 3D Secure is supported on this card.


<a id="nestedatt--card--wallet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.wallet`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic_last4` (String) (For tokenized numbers only.) The last four digits of the device account number.
- `masterpass` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--wallet--masterpass))
- `type` (String) The type of the card wallet, one of `amex_express_checkout`, `apple_pay`, `google_pay`, `masterpass`, `samsung_pay`, `visa_checkout`, or `link`. An additional hash is included on the Wallet subhash with a name matching this value. It contains additional information specific to the card wallet type.
- `visa_checkout` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--wallet--visa_checkout))

<a id="nestedatt--card--wallet--masterpass"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.wallet.masterpass`

Read-Only:

- `billing_address` (Attributes) Owner's verified billing address. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--wallet--masterpass--billing_address))
- `email` (String) Owner's verified email. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated.
- `name` (String) Owner's verified full name. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated.
- `shipping_address` (Attributes) Owner's verified shipping address. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--wallet--masterpass--shipping_address))

<a id="nestedatt--card--wallet--masterpass--billing_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.wallet.masterpass.billing_address`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).


<a id="nestedatt--card--wallet--masterpass--shipping_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.wallet.masterpass.shipping_address`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).



<a id="nestedatt--card--wallet--visa_checkout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.wallet.visa_checkout`

Read-Only:

- `billing_address` (Attributes) Owner's verified billing address. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--wallet--visa_checkout--billing_address))
- `email` (String) Owner's verified email. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated.
- `name` (String) Owner's verified full name. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated.
- `shipping_address` (Attributes) Owner's verified shipping address. Values are verified or provided by the wallet directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card--wallet--visa_checkout--shipping_address))

<a id="nestedatt--card--wallet--visa_checkout--billing_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.wallet.visa_checkout.billing_address`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).


<a id="nestedatt--card--wallet--visa_checkout--shipping_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card.wallet.visa_checkout.shipping_address`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).





<a id="nestedatt--cashapp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cashapp`

Read-Only:

- `buyer_id` (String) A unique and immutable identifier assigned by Cash App to every buyer.
- `cashtag` (String) A public identifier for buyers using Cash App.


<a id="nestedatt--eps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eps`

Optional:

- `bank` (String) The customer's bank. Should be one of `arzte_und_apotheker_bank`, `austrian_anadi_bank_ag`, `bank_austria`, `bankhaus_carl_spangler`, `bankhaus_schelhammer_und_schattera_ag`, `bawag_psk_ag`, `bks_bank_ag`, `brull_kallmus_bank_ag`, `btv_vier_lander_bank`, `capital_bank_grawe_gruppe_ag`, `deutsche_bank_ag`, `dolomitenbank`, `easybank_ag`, `erste_bank_und_sparkassen`, `hypo_alpeadriabank_international_ag`, `hypo_noe_lb_fur_niederosterreich_u_wien`, `hypo_oberosterreich_salzburg_steiermark`, `hypo_tirol_bank_ag`, `hypo_vorarlberg_bank_ag`, `hypo_bank_burgenland_aktiengesellschaft`, `marchfelder_bank`, `oberbank_ag`, `raiffeisen_bankengruppe_osterreich`, `schoellerbank_ag`, `sparda_bank_wien`, `volksbank_gruppe`, `volkskreditbank_ag`, or `vr_bank_braunau`.


<a id="nestedatt--fpx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fpx`

Required:

- `bank` (String) The customer's bank, if provided. Can be one of `affin_bank`, `agrobank`, `alliance_bank`, `ambank`, `bank_islam`, `bank_muamalat`, `bank_rakyat`, `bsn`, `cimb`, `hong_leong_bank`, `hsbc`, `kfh`, `maybank2u`, `ocbc`, `public_bank`, `rhb`, `standard_chartered`, `uob`, `deutsche_bank`, `maybank2e`, `pb_enterprise`, or `bank_of_china`.

Optional:

- `account_holder_type` (String) Account holder type, if provided. Can be one of `individual` or `company`.


<a id="nestedatt--ideal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ideal`

Optional:

- `bank` (String) The customer's bank, if provided. Can be one of `abn_amro`, `adyen`, `asn_bank`, `bunq`, `buut`, `finom`, `handelsbanken`, `ing`, `knab`, `mollie`, `moneyou`, `n26`, `nn`, `rabobank`, `regiobank`, `revolut`, `sns_bank`, `triodos_bank`, `van_lanschot`, or `yoursafe`.

Read-Only:

- `bic` (String) The Bank Identifier Code of the customer's bank, if the bank was provided.


<a id="nestedatt--interac_present"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interac_present`

Read-Only:

- `brand` (String) Card brand. Can be `interac`, `mastercard` or `visa`.
- `cardholder_name` (String) The cardholder name as read from the card, in [ISO 7813](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_7813) format. May include alphanumeric characters, special characters and first/last name separator (`/`). In some cases, the cardholder name may not be available depending on how the issuer has configured the card. Cardholder name is typically not available on swipe or contactless payments, such as those made with Apple Pay and Google Pay.
- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country of the card. You could use this attribute to get a sense of the international breakdown of cards you've collected.
- `description` (String) A high-level description of the type of cards issued in this range. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `exp_month` (Number) Two-digit number representing the card's expiration month.
- `exp_year` (Number) Four-digit number representing the card's expiration year.
- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular card number. You can use this attribute to check whether two customers who’ve signed up with you are using the same card number, for example. For payment methods that tokenize card information (Apple Pay, Google Pay), the tokenized number might be provided instead of the underlying card number.

*As of May 1, 2021, card fingerprint in India for Connect changed to allow two fingerprints for the same card---one for India and one for the rest of the world.*
- `funding` (String) Card funding type. Can be `credit`, `debit`, `prepaid`, or `unknown`.
- `iin` (String) Issuer identification number of the card. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `issuer` (String) The name of the card's issuing bank. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `last4` (String) The last four digits of the card.
- `networks` (Attributes) Contains information about card networks that can be used to process the payment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interac_present--networks))
- `preferred_locales` (List of String) The languages that the issuing bank recommends using for localizing any customer-facing text, as read from the card. Referenced from EMV tag 5F2D, data encoded on the card's chip.
- `read_method` (String) How card details were read in this transaction.

<a id="nestedatt--interac_present--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interac_present.networks`

Read-Only:

- `available` (List of String) All networks available for selection via [payment_method_options.card.network](/api/payment_intents/confirm#confirm_payment_intent-payment_method_options-card-network).
- `preferred` (String) The preferred network for the card.



<a id="nestedatt--klarna"></a>
### Nested Schema for `klarna`

Optional:

- `dob` (Attributes) The customer's date of birth, if provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--klarna--dob))

<a id="nestedatt--klarna--dob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `klarna.dob`

Required:

- `day` (Number) The day of birth, between 1 and 31.
- `month` (Number) The month of birth, between 1 and 12.
- `year` (Number) The four-digit year of birth.



<a id="nestedatt--kr_card"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kr_card`

Read-Only:

- `brand` (String) The local credit or debit card brand.
- `last4` (String) The last four digits of the card. This may not be present for American Express cards.


<a id="nestedatt--link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `link`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Account owner's email address.
- `persistent_token` (String) [Deprecated] This is a legacy parameter that no longer has any function.


<a id="nestedatt--naver_pay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `naver_pay`

Optional:

- `funding` (String) Whether to fund this transaction with Naver Pay points or a card.

Read-Only:

- `buyer_id` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular Naver Pay account. You can use this attribute to check whether two Naver Pay accounts are the same.


<a id="nestedatt--nz_bank_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nz_bank_account`

Required:

- `account_number` (String) The account number for the bank account.
- `bank_code` (String) The numeric code for the bank account's bank.
- `branch_code` (String) The numeric code for the bank account's bank branch.
- `suffix` (String) The suffix of the bank account number.

Optional:

- `account_holder_name` (String) The name on the bank account. Only present if the account holder name is different from the name of the authorized signatory collected in the PaymentMethod’s billing details.
- `reference` (String)

Read-Only:

- `bank_name` (String) The name of the bank.
- `last4` (String) Last four digits of the bank account number.


<a id="nestedatt--p24"></a>
### Nested Schema for `p24`

Optional:

- `bank` (String) The customer's bank, if provided.


<a id="nestedatt--paypal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `paypal`

Read-Only:

- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the buyer's country. Values are provided by PayPal directly (if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated.
- `payer_email` (String) Owner's email. Values are provided by PayPal directly
(if supported) at the time of authorization or settlement. They cannot be set or mutated.
- `payer_id` (String) PayPal account PayerID. This identifier uniquely identifies the PayPal customer.


<a id="nestedatt--payto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payto`

Optional:

- `account_number` (String) The account number for the bank account.
- `bsb_number` (String) Bank-State-Branch number of the bank account.
- `pay_id` (String) The PayID alias for the bank account.

Read-Only:

- `last4` (String) Last four digits of the bank account number.


<a id="nestedatt--radar_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radar_options`

Optional:

- `session` (String) A [Radar Session](https://docs.stripe.com/radar/radar-session) is a snapshot of the browser metadata and device details that help Radar make more accurate predictions on your payments.


<a id="nestedatt--sepa_debit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sepa_debit`

Required:

- `iban` (String) IBAN of the bank account.

Read-Only:

- `bank_code` (String) Bank code of bank associated with the bank account.
- `branch_code` (String) Branch code of bank associated with the bank account.
- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country the bank account is located in.
- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular bank account. You can use this attribute to check whether two bank accounts are the same.
- `generated_from` (Attributes) Information about the object that generated this PaymentMethod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sepa_debit--generated_from))
- `last4` (String) Last four characters of the IBAN.

<a id="nestedatt--sepa_debit--generated_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sepa_debit.generated_from`

Read-Only:

- `charge` (String) The ID of the Charge that generated this PaymentMethod, if any.
- `setup_attempt` (String) The ID of the SetupAttempt that generated this PaymentMethod, if any.



<a id="nestedatt--sofort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sofort`

Required:

- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country the bank account is located in.


<a id="nestedatt--upi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upi`

Optional:

- `mandate_options` (Attributes) Configuration options for setting up an eMandate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upi--mandate_options))

Read-Only:

- `vpa` (String) Customer's unique Virtual Payment Address

<a id="nestedatt--upi--mandate_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upi.mandate_options`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) Amount to be charged for future payments.
- `amount_type` (String) One of `fixed` or `maximum`. If `fixed`, the `amount` param refers to the exact amount to be charged in future payments. If `maximum`, the amount charged can be up to the value passed for the `amount` param.
- `description` (String) A description of the mandate or subscription that is meant to be displayed to the customer.
- `end_date` (Number) End date of the mandate or subscription.



<a id="nestedatt--us_bank_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `us_bank_account`

Optional:

- `account_holder_type` (String) Account holder type: individual or company.
- `account_number` (String) Account number of the bank account.
- `account_type` (String) Account type: checkings or savings. Defaults to checking if omitted.
- `financial_connections_account` (String) The ID of the Financial Connections Account used to create the payment method.
- `routing_number` (String) Routing number of the bank account.

Read-Only:

- `bank_name` (String) The name of the bank.
- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular bank account. You can use this attribute to check whether two bank accounts are the same.
- `last4` (String) Last four digits of the bank account number.
- `networks` (Attributes) Contains information about US bank account networks that can be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--us_bank_account--networks))
- `status_details` (Attributes) Contains information about the future reusability of this PaymentMethod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--us_bank_account--status_details))

<a id="nestedatt--us_bank_account--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `us_bank_account.networks`

Read-Only:

- `preferred` (String) The preferred network.
- `supported` (List of String) All supported networks.


<a id="nestedatt--us_bank_account--status_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `us_bank_account.status_details`

Read-Only:

- `blocked` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--us_bank_account--status_details--blocked))

<a id="nestedatt--us_bank_account--status_details--blocked"></a>
### Nested Schema for `us_bank_account.status_details.blocked`

Read-Only:

- `network_code` (String) The ACH network code that resulted in this block.
- `reason` (String) The reason why this PaymentMethod's fingerprint has been blocked




<a id="nestedatt--card_present"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card_present`

Read-Only:

- `brand` (String) Card brand. Can be `amex`, `cartes_bancaires`, `diners`, `discover`, `eftpos_au`, `jcb`, `link`, `mastercard`, `unionpay`, `visa` or `unknown`.
- `brand_product` (String) The [product code](https://stripe.com/docs/card-product-codes) that identifies the specific program or product associated with a card.
- `cardholder_name` (String) The cardholder name as read from the card, in [ISO 7813](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_7813) format. May include alphanumeric characters, special characters and first/last name separator (`/`). In some cases, the cardholder name may not be available depending on how the issuer has configured the card. Cardholder name is typically not available on swipe or contactless payments, such as those made with Apple Pay and Google Pay.
- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country of the card. You could use this attribute to get a sense of the international breakdown of cards you've collected.
- `description` (String) A high-level description of the type of cards issued in this range. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `exp_month` (Number) Two-digit number representing the card's expiration month.
- `exp_year` (Number) Four-digit number representing the card's expiration year.
- `fingerprint` (String) Uniquely identifies this particular card number. You can use this attribute to check whether two customers who’ve signed up with you are using the same card number, for example. For payment methods that tokenize card information (Apple Pay, Google Pay), the tokenized number might be provided instead of the underlying card number.

*As of May 1, 2021, card fingerprint in India for Connect changed to allow two fingerprints for the same card---one for India and one for the rest of the world.*
- `funding` (String) Card funding type. Can be `credit`, `debit`, `prepaid`, or `unknown`.
- `iin` (String) Issuer identification number of the card. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `issuer` (String) The name of the card's issuing bank. (For internal use only and not typically available in standard API requests.)
- `last4` (String) The last four digits of the card.
- `networks` (Attributes) Contains information about card networks that can be used to process the payment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card_present--networks))
- `offline` (Attributes) Details about payment methods collected offline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card_present--offline))
- `preferred_locales` (List of String) The languages that the issuing bank recommends using for localizing any customer-facing text, as read from the card. Referenced from EMV tag 5F2D, data encoded on the card's chip.
- `read_method` (String) How card details were read in this transaction.
- `wallet` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--card_present--wallet))

<a id="nestedatt--card_present--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card_present.networks`

Read-Only:

- `available` (List of String) All networks available for selection via [payment_method_options.card.network](/api/payment_intents/confirm#confirm_payment_intent-payment_method_options-card-network).
- `preferred` (String) The preferred network for the card.


<a id="nestedatt--card_present--offline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card_present.offline`

Read-Only:

- `stored_at` (Number) Time at which the payment was collected while offline
- `type` (String) The method used to process this payment method offline. Only deferred is allowed.


<a id="nestedatt--card_present--wallet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `card_present.wallet`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of mobile wallet, one of `apple_pay`, `google_pay`, `samsung_pay`, or `unknown`.
