---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_person Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This is an object representing a person associated with a Stripe account.
  A platform can only access a subset of data in a person for an account where account.controller.requirement_collection is stripe, which includes Standard and Express accounts, after creating an Account Link or Account Session to start Connect onboarding.
  See the Standard onboarding or Express onboarding documentation for information about prefilling information and account onboarding steps. Learn more about handling identity verification with the API.
---

# stripe_person (Resource)

This is an object representing a person associated with a Stripe account.

A platform can only access a subset of data in a person for an account where [account.controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`, which includes Standard and Express accounts, after creating an Account Link or Account Session to start Connect onboarding.

See the [Standard onboarding](/connect/standard-accounts) or [Express onboarding](/connect/express-accounts) documentation for information about prefilling information and account onboarding steps. Learn more about [handling identity verification with the API](/connect/handling-api-verification#person-information).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The account the person is associated with.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `additional_tos_acceptances` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_tos_acceptances))
- `address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--address))
- `address_kana` (Attributes) The Kana variation of the person's address (Japan only). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--address_kana))
- `address_kanji` (Attributes) The Kanji variation of the person's address (Japan only). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--address_kanji))
- `dob` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dob))
- `documents` (Attributes, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Documents that may be submitted to satisfy various informational requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--documents))
- `email` (String) The person's email address. Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `first_name` (String) The person's first name. Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `first_name_kana` (String) The Kana variation of the person's first name (Japan only). Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `first_name_kanji` (String) The Kanji variation of the person's first name (Japan only). Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `full_name_aliases` (List of String) A list of alternate names or aliases that the person is known by. Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `gender` (String) The person's gender.
- `id_number` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The person's ID number, as appropriate for their country. For example, a social security number in the U.S., social insurance number in Canada, etc. Instead of the number itself, you can also provide a [PII token provided by Stripe.js](https://docs.stripe.com/js/tokens/create_token?type=pii).
- `id_number_secondary` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The person's secondary ID number, as appropriate for their country, will be used for enhanced verification checks. In Thailand, this would be the laser code found on the back of an ID card. Instead of the number itself, you can also provide a [PII token provided by Stripe.js](https://docs.stripe.com/js/tokens/create_token?type=pii).
- `last_name` (String) The person's last name. Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `last_name_kana` (String) The Kana variation of the person's last name (Japan only). Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `last_name_kanji` (String) The Kanji variation of the person's last name (Japan only). Also available for accounts where [controller.requirement_collection](/api/accounts/object#account_object-controller-requirement_collection) is `stripe`.
- `maiden_name` (String) The person's maiden name.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `nationality` (String) The country where the person is a national.
- `person_token` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) A [person token](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/account-tokens), used to securely provide details to the person.
- `phone` (String) The person's phone number.
- `political_exposure` (String) Indicates if the person or any of their representatives, family members, or other closely related persons, declares that they hold or have held an important public job or function, in any jurisdiction.
- `registered_address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registered_address))
- `relationship` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--relationship))
- `ssn_last_4` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The last four digits of the person's Social Security number (U.S. only).
- `us_cfpb_data` (Attributes) Demographic data related to the person. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--us_cfpb_data))
- `verification` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verification))

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `future_requirements` (Attributes) Information about the [upcoming new requirements for this person](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/custom-accounts/future-requirements), including what information needs to be collected, and by when. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--future_requirements))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `id_number_provided` (Boolean) Whether the person's `id_number` was provided. True if either the full ID number was provided or if only the required part of the ID number was provided (ex. last four of an individual's SSN for the US indicated by `ssn_last_4_provided`).
- `id_number_secondary_provided` (Boolean) Whether the person's `id_number_secondary` was provided.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `requirements` (Attributes) Information about the requirements for this person, including what information needs to be collected, and by when. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requirements))
- `ssn_last_4_provided` (Boolean) Whether the last four digits of the person's Social Security number have been provided (U.S. only).

<a id="nestedatt--additional_tos_acceptances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_tos_acceptances`

Optional:

- `account` (Attributes) Details on the legal guardian's acceptance of the main Stripe service agreement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_tos_acceptances--account))

<a id="nestedatt--additional_tos_acceptances--account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_tos_acceptances.account`

Optional:

- `date` (Number) The Unix timestamp marking when the legal guardian accepted the service agreement.
- `ip` (String) The IP address from which the legal guardian accepted the service agreement.
- `user_agent` (String) The user agent of the browser from which the legal guardian accepted the service agreement.



<a id="nestedatt--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).


<a id="nestedatt--address_kana"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address_kana`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City/Ward.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Block/Building number.
- `line2` (String) Building details.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) Prefecture.
- `town` (String) Town/cho-me.


<a id="nestedatt--address_kanji"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address_kanji`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City/Ward.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Block/Building number.
- `line2` (String) Building details.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) Prefecture.
- `town` (String) Town/cho-me.


<a id="nestedatt--dob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dob`

Required:

- `day` (Number) The day of birth, between 1 and 31.
- `month` (Number) The month of birth, between 1 and 12.
- `year` (Number) The four-digit year of birth.


<a id="nestedatt--documents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `documents`

Optional:

- `company_authorization` (Attributes, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) One or more documents that demonstrate proof that this person is authorized to represent the company. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--documents--company_authorization))
- `passport` (Attributes, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) One or more documents showing the person's passport page with photo and personal data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--documents--passport))
- `visa` (Attributes, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) One or more documents showing the person's visa required for living in the country where they are residing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--documents--visa))

<a id="nestedatt--documents--company_authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `documents.company_authorization`

Optional:

- `files` (List of String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) One or more document ids returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `account_requirement`.


<a id="nestedatt--documents--passport"></a>
### Nested Schema for `documents.passport`

Optional:

- `files` (List of String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) One or more document ids returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `account_requirement`.


<a id="nestedatt--documents--visa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `documents.visa`

Optional:

- `files` (List of String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) One or more document ids returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `account_requirement`.



<a id="nestedatt--registered_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registered_address`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `line1` (String) Address line 1, such as the street, PO Box, or company name.
- `line2` (String) Address line 2, such as the apartment, suite, unit, or building.
- `postal_code` (String) ZIP or postal code.
- `state` (String) State, county, province, or region ([ISO 3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2)).


<a id="nestedatt--relationship"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationship`

Optional:

- `authorizer` (Boolean) Whether the person is the authorizer of the account's representative.
- `director` (Boolean) Whether the person is a director of the account's legal entity. Directors are typically members of the governing board of the company, or responsible for ensuring the company meets its regulatory obligations.
- `executive` (Boolean) Whether the person has significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct the organization.
- `legal_guardian` (Boolean) Whether the person is the legal guardian of the account's representative.
- `owner` (Boolean) Whether the person is an owner of the account’s legal entity.
- `percent_ownership` (Number) The percent owned by the person of the account's legal entity.
- `representative` (Boolean) Whether the person is authorized as the primary representative of the account. This is the person nominated by the business to provide information about themselves, and general information about the account. There can only be one representative at any given time. At the time the account is created, this person should be set to the person responsible for opening the account.
- `title` (String) The person's title (e.g., CEO, Support Engineer).


<a id="nestedatt--us_cfpb_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `us_cfpb_data`

Optional:

- `ethnicity_details` (Attributes) The persons ethnicity details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--us_cfpb_data--ethnicity_details))
- `race_details` (Attributes) The persons race details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--us_cfpb_data--race_details))
- `self_identified_gender` (String) The persons self-identified gender

<a id="nestedatt--us_cfpb_data--ethnicity_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `us_cfpb_data.ethnicity_details`

Optional:

- `ethnicity` (List of String) The persons ethnicity
- `ethnicity_other` (String) Please specify your origin, when other is selected.


<a id="nestedatt--us_cfpb_data--race_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `us_cfpb_data.race_details`

Optional:

- `race` (List of String) The persons race.
- `race_other` (String) Please specify your race, when other is selected.



<a id="nestedatt--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verification`

Optional:

- `additional_document` (Attributes) A document showing address, either a passport, local ID card, or utility bill from a well-known utility company. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verification--additional_document))
- `document` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verification--document))

Read-Only:

- `details` (String) A user-displayable string describing the verification state for the person. For example, this may say "Provided identity information could not be verified".
- `details_code` (String) One of `document_address_mismatch`, `document_dob_mismatch`, `document_duplicate_type`, `document_id_number_mismatch`, `document_name_mismatch`, `document_nationality_mismatch`, `failed_keyed_identity`, or `failed_other`. A machine-readable code specifying the verification state for the person.
- `status` (String) The state of verification for the person. Possible values are `unverified`, `pending`, or `verified`. Please refer [guide](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/handling-api-verification) to handle verification updates.

<a id="nestedatt--verification--additional_document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verification.additional_document`

Optional:

- `back` (String) The back of an ID returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `identity_document`.
- `front` (String) The front of an ID returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `identity_document`.

Read-Only:

- `details` (String) A user-displayable string describing the verification state of this document. For example, if a document is uploaded and the picture is too fuzzy, this may say "Identity document is too unclear to read".
- `details_code` (String) One of `document_corrupt`, `document_country_not_supported`, `document_expired`, `document_failed_copy`, `document_failed_other`, `document_failed_test_mode`, `document_fraudulent`, `document_failed_greyscale`, `document_incomplete`, `document_invalid`, `document_manipulated`, `document_missing_back`, `document_missing_front`, `document_not_readable`, `document_not_uploaded`, `document_photo_mismatch`, `document_too_large`, or `document_type_not_supported`. A machine-readable code specifying the verification state for this document.


<a id="nestedatt--verification--document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verification.document`

Optional:

- `back` (String) The back of an ID returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `identity_document`.
- `front` (String) The front of an ID returned by a [file upload](https://api.stripe.com#create_file) with a `purpose` value of `identity_document`.

Read-Only:

- `details` (String) A user-displayable string describing the verification state of this document. For example, if a document is uploaded and the picture is too fuzzy, this may say "Identity document is too unclear to read".
- `details_code` (String) One of `document_corrupt`, `document_country_not_supported`, `document_expired`, `document_failed_copy`, `document_failed_other`, `document_failed_test_mode`, `document_fraudulent`, `document_failed_greyscale`, `document_incomplete`, `document_invalid`, `document_manipulated`, `document_missing_back`, `document_missing_front`, `document_not_readable`, `document_not_uploaded`, `document_photo_mismatch`, `document_too_large`, or `document_type_not_supported`. A machine-readable code specifying the verification state for this document.



<a id="nestedatt--future_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `future_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `alternatives` (Attributes List) Fields that are due and can be resolved by providing the corresponding alternative fields instead. Many alternatives can list the same `original_fields_due`, and any of these alternatives can serve as a pathway for attempting to resolve the fields again. Re-providing `original_fields_due` also serves as a pathway for attempting to resolve the fields again. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--future_requirements--alternatives))
- `currently_due` (List of String) Fields that need to be resolved to keep the person's account enabled. If not resolved by the account's `future_requirements[current_deadline]`, these fields will transition to the main `requirements` hash, and may immediately become `past_due`, but the account may also be given a grace period depending on the account's enablement state prior to transition.
- `errors` (Attributes List) Details about validation and verification failures for `due` requirements that must be resolved. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--future_requirements--errors))
- `eventually_due` (List of String) Fields you must collect when all thresholds are reached. As they become required, they appear in `currently_due` as well, and the account's `future_requirements[current_deadline]` becomes set.
- `past_due` (List of String) Fields that haven't been resolved by the account's `requirements.current_deadline`. These fields need to be resolved to enable the person's account. `future_requirements.past_due` is a subset of `requirements.past_due`.
- `pending_verification` (List of String) Fields that are being reviewed, or might become required depending on the results of a review. If the review fails, these fields can move to `eventually_due`, `currently_due`, `past_due` or `alternatives`. Fields might appear in `eventually_due`, `currently_due`, `past_due` or `alternatives` and in `pending_verification` if one verification fails but another is still pending.

<a id="nestedatt--future_requirements--alternatives"></a>
### Nested Schema for `future_requirements.alternatives`

Read-Only:

- `alternative_fields_due` (List of String) Fields that can be provided to resolve all fields in `original_fields_due`.
- `original_fields_due` (List of String) Fields that are due and can be resolved by providing all fields in `alternative_fields_due`.


<a id="nestedatt--future_requirements--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `future_requirements.errors`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The code for the type of error.
- `reason` (String) An informative message that indicates the error type and provides additional details about the error.
- `requirement` (String) The specific user onboarding requirement field (in the requirements hash) that needs to be resolved.



<a id="nestedatt--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requirements`

Read-Only:

- `alternatives` (Attributes List) Fields that are due and can be resolved by providing the corresponding alternative fields instead. Many alternatives can list the same `original_fields_due`, and any of these alternatives can serve as a pathway for attempting to resolve the fields again. Re-providing `original_fields_due` also serves as a pathway for attempting to resolve the fields again. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requirements--alternatives))
- `currently_due` (List of String) Fields that need to be resolved to keep the person's account enabled. If not resolved by the account's `current_deadline`, these fields will appear in `past_due` as well, and the account is disabled.
- `errors` (Attributes List) Details about validation and verification failures for `due` requirements that must be resolved. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requirements--errors))
- `eventually_due` (List of String) Fields you must collect when all thresholds are reached. As they become required, they appear in `currently_due` as well, and the account's `current_deadline` becomes set.
- `past_due` (List of String) Fields that haven't been resolved by `current_deadline`. These fields need to be resolved to enable the person's account.
- `pending_verification` (List of String) Fields that are being reviewed, or might become required depending on the results of a review. If the review fails, these fields can move to `eventually_due`, `currently_due`, `past_due` or `alternatives`. Fields might appear in `eventually_due`, `currently_due`, `past_due` or `alternatives` and in `pending_verification` if one verification fails but another is still pending.

<a id="nestedatt--requirements--alternatives"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requirements.alternatives`

Read-Only:

- `alternative_fields_due` (List of String) Fields that can be provided to resolve all fields in `original_fields_due`.
- `original_fields_due` (List of String) Fields that are due and can be resolved by providing all fields in `alternative_fields_due`.


<a id="nestedatt--requirements--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requirements.errors`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The code for the type of error.
- `reason` (String) An informative message that indicates the error type and provides additional details about the error.
- `requirement` (String) The specific user onboarding requirement field (in the requirements hash) that needs to be resolved.
