---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_price Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Prices define the unit cost, currency, and (optional) billing cycle for both recurring and one-time purchases of products.
  Products https://api.stripe.com#products help you track inventory or provisioning, and prices help you track payment terms. Different physical goods or levels of service should be represented by products, and pricing options should be represented by prices. This approach lets you change prices without having to change your provisioning scheme.
  For example, you might have a single "gold" product that has prices for $10/month, $100/year, and €9 once.
  Related guides: Set up a subscription https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/set-up-subscription, create an invoice https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/create, and more about products and prices https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/overview.
---

# stripe_price (Resource)

Prices define the unit cost, currency, and (optional) billing cycle for both recurring and one-time purchases of products.
[Products](https://api.stripe.com#products) help you track inventory or provisioning, and prices help you track payment terms. Different physical goods or levels of service should be represented by products, and pricing options should be represented by prices. This approach lets you change prices without having to change your provisioning scheme.

For example, you might have a single "gold" product that has prices for $10/month, $100/year, and €9 once.

Related guides: [Set up a subscription](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/set-up-subscription), [create an invoice](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/create), and more about [products and prices](https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/overview).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the price can be used for new purchases.
- `billing_scheme` (String) Describes how to compute the price per period. Either `per_unit` or `tiered`. `per_unit` indicates that the fixed amount (specified in `unit_amount` or `unit_amount_decimal`) will be charged per unit in `quantity` (for prices with `usage_type=licensed`), or per unit of total usage (for prices with `usage_type=metered`). `tiered` indicates that the unit pricing will be computed using a tiering strategy as defined using the `tiers` and `tiers_mode` attributes.
- `currency_options` (Block List) Prices defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--currency_options))
- `custom_unit_amount` (Block List) When set, provides configuration for the amount to be adjusted by the customer during Checkout Sessions and Payment Links. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_unit_amount))
- `lookup_key` (String) A lookup key used to retrieve prices dynamically from a static string. This may be up to 200 characters.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `nickname` (String) A brief description of the price, hidden from customers.
- `product` (String) The ID of the product this price is associated with.
- `product_data` (Block List) These fields can be used to create a new product that this price will belong to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--product_data))
- `recurring` (Block List) The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `usage_type`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recurring))
- `tax_behavior` (String) Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-(recommended)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `tiers` (Block List) Each element represents a pricing tier. This parameter requires `billing_scheme` to be set to `tiered`. See also the documentation for `billing_scheme`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tiers))
- `tiers_mode` (String) Defines if the tiering price should be `graduated` or `volume` based. In `volume`-based tiering, the maximum quantity within a period determines the per unit price. In `graduated` tiering, pricing can change as the quantity grows.
- `transfer_lookup_key` (Boolean, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) If set to true, will atomically remove the lookup key from the existing price, and assign it to this price.
- `transform_quantity` (Attributes) Apply a transformation to the reported usage or set quantity before computing the amount billed. Cannot be combined with `tiers`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transform_quantity))
- `unit_amount` (Number) The unit amount in cents (or local equivalent) to be charged, represented as a whole integer if possible. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) The unit amount in cents (or local equivalent) to be charged, represented as a decimal string with at most 12 decimal places. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `type` (String) One of `one_time` or `recurring` depending on whether the price is for a one-time purchase or a recurring (subscription) purchase.

<a id="nestedblock--currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key for this entry.

Optional:

- `custom_unit_amount` (Block List) When set, provides configuration for the amount to be adjusted by the customer during Checkout Sessions and Payment Links. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--currency_options--custom_unit_amount))
- `tax_behavior` (String) Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-(recommended)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `tiers` (Attributes List) Each element represents a pricing tier. This parameter requires `billing_scheme` to be set to `tiered`. See also the documentation for `billing_scheme`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency_options--tiers))
- `unit_amount` (Number) The unit amount in cents (or local equivalent) to be charged, represented as a whole integer if possible. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) The unit amount in cents (or local equivalent) to be charged, represented as a decimal string with at most 12 decimal places. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.

<a id="nestedblock--currency_options--custom_unit_amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options.custom_unit_amount`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Pass in `true` to enable `custom_unit_amount`, otherwise omit `custom_unit_amount`.

Optional:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum unit amount the customer can specify for this item.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum unit amount the customer can specify for this item. Must be at least the minimum charge amount.
- `preset` (Number) The starting unit amount which can be updated by the customer.


<a id="nestedatt--currency_options--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options.tiers`

Required:

- `up_to` (String) Up to and including to this quantity will be contained in the tier.

Optional:

- `flat_amount` (Number) Price for the entire tier.
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `flat_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.
- `unit_amount` (Number) Per unit price for units relevant to the tier.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `unit_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.



<a id="nestedblock--custom_unit_amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_unit_amount`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Pass in `true` to enable `custom_unit_amount`, otherwise omit `custom_unit_amount`.

Optional:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum unit amount the customer can specify for this item.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum unit amount the customer can specify for this item. Must be at least the minimum charge amount.
- `preset` (Number) The starting unit amount which can be updated by the customer.


<a id="nestedblock--product_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `product_data`

Required:

- `name` (String) The product's name, meant to be displayable to the customer.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the product is currently available for purchase. Defaults to `true`.
- `id` (String) The identifier for the product. Must be unique. If not provided, an identifier will be randomly generated.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.
- `statement_descriptor` (String) An arbitrary string to be displayed on your customer's credit card or bank statement. While most banks display this information consistently, some may display it incorrectly or not at all.

This may be up to 22 characters. The statement description may not include `<`, `>`, `\`, `"`, `'` characters, and will appear on your customer's statement in capital letters. Non-ASCII characters are automatically stripped.
- `tax_code` (String) A [tax code](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/tax-categories) ID.
- `unit_label` (String) A label that represents units of this product. When set, this will be included in customers' receipts, invoices, Checkout, and the customer portal.


<a id="nestedblock--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurring`

Required:

- `interval` (String) The frequency at which a subscription is billed. One of `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals (specified in the `interval` attribute) between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months.
- `meter` (String) The meter tracking the usage of a metered price
- `trial_period_days` (Number) Default number of trial days when subscribing a customer to this price using [`trial_from_plan=true`](https://docs.stripe.com/api#create_subscription-trial_from_plan).
- `usage_type` (String) Configures how the quantity per period should be determined. Can be either `metered` or `licensed`. `licensed` automatically bills the `quantity` set when adding it to a subscription. `metered` aggregates the total usage based on usage records. Defaults to `licensed`.


<a id="nestedblock--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiers`

Required:

- `up_to` (String) Up to and including to this quantity will be contained in the tier.

Optional:

- `flat_amount` (Number) Price for the entire tier.
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `flat_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.
- `unit_amount` (Number) Per unit price for units relevant to the tier.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `unit_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.


<a id="nestedatt--transform_quantity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transform_quantity`

Required:

- `divide_by` (Number) Divide usage by this number.
- `round` (String) After division, either round the result `up` or `down`.
