---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_quote Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Quote is a way to model prices that you'd like to provide to a customer.
  Once accepted, it will automatically create an invoice, subscription or subscription schedule.
---

# stripe_quote (Resource)

A Quote is a way to model prices that you'd like to provide to a customer.
Once accepted, it will automatically create an invoice, subscription or subscription schedule.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `application_fee_amount` (Number) The amount of the application fee (if any) that will be requested to be applied to the payment and transferred to the application owner's Stripe account. Only applicable if there are no line items with recurring prices on the quote.
- `application_fee_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner's Stripe account. Only applicable if there are line items with recurring prices on the quote.
- `automatic_tax` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automatic_tax))
- `collection_method` (String) Either `charge_automatically`, or `send_invoice`. When charging automatically, Stripe will attempt to pay invoices at the end of the subscription cycle or on finalization using the default payment method attached to the subscription or customer. When sending an invoice, Stripe will email your customer an invoice with payment instructions and mark the subscription as `active`. Defaults to `charge_automatically`.
- `customer` (String) The customer who received this quote. A customer is required to finalize the quote. Once specified, you can't change it.
- `customer_account` (String) The account representing the customer who received this quote. A customer or account is required to finalize the quote. Once specified, you can't change it.
- `default_tax_rates` (List of String) The tax rates applied to this quote.
- `description` (String) A description that will be displayed on the quote PDF.
- `discounts` (Attributes List) The discounts applied to this quote. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discounts))
- `expires_at` (Number) The date on which the quote will be canceled if in `open` or `draft` status. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `footer` (String) A footer that will be displayed on the quote PDF.
- `from_quote` (Attributes) Details of the quote that was cloned. See the [cloning documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/quotes/clone) for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--from_quote))
- `header` (String) A header that will be displayed on the quote PDF.
- `invoice_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_settings))
- `line_items` (Attributes List) A list of items the customer is being quoted for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The account on behalf of which to charge. See the [Connect documentation](https://support.stripe.com/questions/sending-invoices-on-behalf-of-connected-accounts) for details.
- `subscription_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data))
- `test_clock` (String) ID of the test clock this quote belongs to.
- `transfer_data` (Attributes) The account (if any) the payments will be attributed to for tax reporting, and where funds from each payment will be transferred to for each of the invoices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transfer_data))

### Read-Only

- `application` (String) ID of the Connect Application that created the quote.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `invoice` (String) The invoice that was created from this quote.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `number` (String) A unique number that identifies this particular quote. This number is assigned once the quote is [finalized](https://docs.stripe.com/quotes/overview#finalize).
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `status` (String) The status of the quote.
- `status_transitions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status_transitions))
- `subscription` (String) The subscription that was created or updated from this quote.
- `subscription_schedule` (String) The subscription schedule that was created or updated from this quote.
- `total_details` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details))

<a id="nestedatt--automatic_tax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automatic_tax`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Automatically calculate taxes

Optional:

- `liability` (Attributes) The account that's liable for tax. If set, the business address and tax registrations required to perform the tax calculation are loaded from this account. The tax transaction is returned in the report of the connected account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automatic_tax--liability))

Read-Only:

- `provider` (String) The tax provider powering automatic tax.
- `status` (String) The status of the most recent automated tax calculation for this quote.

<a id="nestedatt--automatic_tax--liability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automatic_tax.liability`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discounts`

Optional:

- `coupon` (String) ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.
- `discount` (String) ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.
- `promotion_code` (String) ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.


<a id="nestedatt--from_quote"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from_quote`

Required:

- `quote` (String) The quote that was cloned.

Optional:

- `is_revision` (Boolean) Whether this quote is a revision of a different quote.


<a id="nestedatt--invoice_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_settings`

Optional:

- `days_until_due` (Number) Number of days within which a customer must pay invoices generated by this quote. This value will be `null` for quotes where `collection_method=charge_automatically`.
- `issuer` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invoice_settings--issuer))

<a id="nestedatt--invoice_settings--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invoice_settings.issuer`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--line_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items`

Optional:

- `discounts` (Attributes List) The discounts applied to this line item. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--discounts))
- `price` (String) The ID of the price object. One of `price` or `price_data` is required.
- `price_data` (Attributes) Data used to generate a new [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) object inline. One of `price` or `price_data` is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data))
- `quantity` (Number) The quantity of the line item.
- `tax_rates` (List of String) The tax rates which apply to the line item. When set, the `default_tax_rates` on the quote do not apply to this line item.

<a id="nestedatt--line_items--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.discounts`

Optional:

- `coupon` (String) ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.
- `discount` (String) ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.
- `promotion_code` (String) ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.


<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data`

Required:

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `product` (String) The ID of the [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products) that this [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) will belong to.

Optional:

- `recurring` (Attributes) The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `interval_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items--price_data--recurring))
- `tax_behavior` (String) Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-(recommended)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `unit_amount` (Number) A positive integer in cents (or local equivalent) (or 0 for a free price) representing how much to charge.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (Number) Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents (or local equivalent) with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

<a id="nestedatt--line_items--price_data--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items.price_data.recurring`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Specifies billing frequency. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months. Maximum of three years interval allowed (3 years, 36 months, or 156 weeks).




<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data`

Optional:

- `billing_mode` (Attributes) The billing mode of the quote. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode))
- `description` (String) The subscription's description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription for rendering in Stripe surfaces and certain local payment methods UIs.
- `effective_date` (Number) When creating a new subscription, the date of which the subscription schedule will start after the quote is accepted. This date is ignored if it is in the past when the quote is accepted. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that will set metadata on the subscription or subscription schedule when the quote is accepted. If a recurring price is included in `line_items`, this field will be passed to the resulting subscription's `metadata` field. If `subscription_data.effective_date` is used, this field will be passed to the resulting subscription schedule's `phases.metadata` field. Unlike object-level metadata, this field is declarative. Updates will clear prior values.
- `trial_period_days` (Number) Integer representing the number of trial period days before the customer is charged for the first time.

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.billing_mode`

Required:

- `type` (String) Controls how prorations and invoices for subscriptions are calculated and orchestrated.

Optional:

- `flexible` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode--flexible))

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_data--billing_mode--flexible"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.billing_mode.flexible`

Optional:

- `proration_discounts` (String) Controls how invoices and invoice items display proration amounts and discount amounts.




<a id="nestedatt--transfer_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transfer_data`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The account where funds from the payment will be transferred to upon payment success.

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) The amount in cents (or local equivalent) that will be transferred to the destination account when the invoice is paid. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.
- `amount_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount will be transferred to the destination.


<a id="nestedatt--status_transitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status_transitions`

Read-Only:

- `accepted_at` (Number) The time that the quote was accepted. Measured in seconds since Unix epoch.
- `canceled_at` (Number) The time that the quote was canceled. Measured in seconds since Unix epoch.
- `finalized_at` (Number) The time that the quote was finalized. Measured in seconds since Unix epoch.


<a id="nestedatt--total_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details`

Read-Only:

- `amount_discount` (Number) This is the sum of all the discounts.
- `amount_shipping` (Number) This is the sum of all the shipping amounts.
- `amount_tax` (Number) This is the sum of all the tax amounts.
- `breakdown` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details--breakdown))

<a id="nestedatt--total_details--breakdown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details.breakdown`

Read-Only:

- `discounts` (Attributes List) The aggregated discounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--discounts))
- `taxes` (Attributes List) The aggregated tax amounts by rate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--taxes))

<a id="nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details.breakdown.discounts`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) The amount discounted.
- `discount` (String) A discount represents the actual application of a [coupon](https://api.stripe.com#coupons) or [promotion code](https://api.stripe.com#promotion_codes).
It contains information about when the discount began, when it will end, and what it is applied to.

Related guide: [Applying discounts to subscriptions](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/discounts)


<a id="nestedatt--total_details--breakdown--taxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_details.breakdown.taxes`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) Amount of tax applied for this rate.
- `rate` (String) Tax rates can be applied to [invoices](/invoicing/taxes/tax-rates), [subscriptions](/billing/taxes/tax-rates) and [Checkout Sessions](/payments/checkout/use-manual-tax-rates) to collect tax.

Related guide: [Tax rates](/billing/taxes/tax-rates)
- `taxability_reason` (String) The reasoning behind this tax, for example, if the product is tax exempt. The possible values for this field may be extended as new tax rules are supported.
- `taxable_amount` (Number) The amount on which tax is calculated, in cents (or local equivalent).
