---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_subscription_schedule Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A subscription schedule allows you to create and manage the lifecycle of a subscription by predefining expected changes.
  Related guide: Subscription schedules https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/subscription-schedules
---

# stripe_subscription_schedule (Resource)

A subscription schedule allows you to create and manage the lifecycle of a subscription by predefining expected changes.

Related guide: [Subscription schedules](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/subscription-schedules)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `billing_mode` (Attributes) The billing mode of the subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing_mode))
- `customer` (String) ID of the customer who owns the subscription schedule.
- `customer_account` (String) ID of the account who owns the subscription schedule.
- `default_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_settings))
- `end_behavior` (String) Behavior of the subscription schedule and underlying subscription when it ends. Possible values are `release` or `cancel` with the default being `release`. `release` will end the subscription schedule and keep the underlying subscription running. `cancel` will end the subscription schedule and cancel the underlying subscription.
- `from_subscription` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Migrate an existing subscription to be managed by a subscription schedule. If this parameter is set, a subscription schedule will be created using the subscription's item(s), set to auto-renew using the subscription's interval. When using this parameter, other parameters (such as phase values) cannot be set. To create a subscription schedule with other modifications, we recommend making two separate API calls.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `phases` (Attributes List) Configuration for the subscription schedule's phases. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases))
- `start_date` (Number) When the subscription schedule starts. We recommend using `now` so that it starts the subscription immediately. You can also use a Unix timestamp to backdate the subscription so that it starts on a past date, or set a future date for the subscription to start on.

### Read-Only

- `application` (String) ID of the Connect Application that created the schedule.
- `canceled_at` (Number) Time at which the subscription schedule was canceled. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `completed_at` (Number) Time at which the subscription schedule was completed. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `current_phase` (Attributes) Object representing the start and end dates for the current phase of the subscription schedule, if it is `active`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_phase))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `released_at` (Number) Time at which the subscription schedule was released. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `released_subscription` (String) ID of the subscription once managed by the subscription schedule (if it is released).
- `status` (String) The present status of the subscription schedule. Possible values are `not_started`, `active`, `completed`, `released`, and `canceled`. You can read more about the different states in our [behavior guide](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/subscription-schedules).
- `subscription` (String) ID of the subscription managed by the subscription schedule.
- `test_clock` (String) ID of the test clock this subscription schedule belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--billing_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_mode`

Required:

- `type` (String) Controls how prorations and invoices for subscriptions are calculated and orchestrated.

Optional:

- `flexible` (Attributes) Configure behavior for flexible billing mode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing_mode--flexible))

Read-Only:

- `updated_at` (Number) Details on when the current billing_mode was adopted.

<a id="nestedatt--billing_mode--flexible"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_mode.flexible`

Optional:

- `proration_discounts` (String) Controls how invoices and invoice items display proration amounts and discount amounts.



<a id="nestedatt--default_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_settings`

Optional:

- `application_fee_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner's Stripe account during this phase of the schedule.
- `automatic_tax` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_settings--automatic_tax))
- `billing_cycle_anchor` (String) Possible values are `phase_start` or `automatic`. If `phase_start` then billing cycle anchor of the subscription is set to the start of the phase when entering the phase. If `automatic` then the billing cycle anchor is automatically modified as needed when entering the phase. For more information, see the billing cycle [documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle).
- `billing_thresholds` (Attributes) Define thresholds at which an invoice will be sent, and the subscription advanced to a new billing period (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_settings--billing_thresholds))
- `collection_method` (String) Either `charge_automatically`, or `send_invoice`. When charging automatically, Stripe will attempt to pay the underlying subscription at the end of each billing cycle using the default source attached to the customer. When sending an invoice, Stripe will email your customer an invoice with payment instructions and mark the subscription as `active`.
- `default_payment_method` (String) ID of the default payment method for the subscription schedule. If not set, invoices will use the default payment method in the customer's invoice settings.
- `description` (String) Subscription description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription for rendering in Stripe surfaces and certain local payment methods UIs.
- `invoice_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_settings--invoice_settings))
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The account (if any) the charge was made on behalf of for charges associated with the schedule's subscription. See the Connect documentation for details.
- `transfer_data` (Attributes) The account (if any) the associated subscription's payments will be attributed to for tax reporting, and where funds from each payment will be transferred to for each of the subscription's invoices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_settings--transfer_data))

<a id="nestedatt--default_settings--automatic_tax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_settings.automatic_tax`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether Stripe automatically computes tax on invoices created during this phase.

Optional:

- `liability` (Attributes) The account that's liable for tax. If set, the business address and tax registrations required to perform the tax calculation are loaded from this account. The tax transaction is returned in the report of the connected account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_settings--automatic_tax--liability))

Read-Only:

- `disabled_reason` (String) If Stripe disabled automatic tax, this enum describes why.

<a id="nestedatt--default_settings--automatic_tax--liability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_settings.automatic_tax.liability`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--default_settings--billing_thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_settings.billing_thresholds`

Optional:

- `amount_gte` (Number) Monetary threshold that triggers the subscription to create an invoice
- `reset_billing_cycle_anchor` (Boolean) Indicates if the `billing_cycle_anchor` should be reset when a threshold is reached. If true, `billing_cycle_anchor` will be updated to the date/time the threshold was last reached; otherwise, the value will remain unchanged. This value may not be `true` if the subscription contains items with plans that have `aggregate_usage=last_ever`.


<a id="nestedatt--default_settings--invoice_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_settings.invoice_settings`

Optional:

- `account_tax_ids` (List of String) The account tax IDs associated with the subscription schedule. Will be set on invoices generated by the subscription schedule.
- `days_until_due` (Number) Number of days within which a customer must pay invoices generated by this subscription schedule. This value will be `null` for subscription schedules where `billing=charge_automatically`.
- `issuer` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_settings--invoice_settings--issuer))

<a id="nestedatt--default_settings--invoice_settings--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_settings.invoice_settings.issuer`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--default_settings--transfer_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_settings.transfer_data`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The account where funds from the payment will be transferred to upon payment success.

Optional:

- `amount_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.



<a id="nestedatt--phases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases`

Required:

- `items` (Attributes List) Subscription items to configure the subscription to during this phase of the subscription schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--items))

Optional:

- `add_invoice_items` (Attributes List) A list of prices and quantities that will generate invoice items appended to the next invoice for this phase. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items))
- `application_fee_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner's Stripe account during this phase of the schedule.
- `automatic_tax` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--automatic_tax))
- `billing_cycle_anchor` (String) Possible values are `phase_start` or `automatic`. If `phase_start` then billing cycle anchor of the subscription is set to the start of the phase when entering the phase. If `automatic` then the billing cycle anchor is automatically modified as needed when entering the phase. For more information, see the billing cycle [documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle).
- `billing_thresholds` (Attributes) Define thresholds at which an invoice will be sent, and the subscription advanced to a new billing period (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--billing_thresholds))
- `collection_method` (String) Either `charge_automatically`, or `send_invoice`. When charging automatically, Stripe will attempt to pay the underlying subscription at the end of each billing cycle using the default source attached to the customer. When sending an invoice, Stripe will email your customer an invoice with payment instructions and mark the subscription as `active`.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `default_payment_method` (String) ID of the default payment method for the subscription schedule. It must belong to the customer associated with the subscription schedule. If not set, invoices will use the default payment method in the customer's invoice settings.
- `default_tax_rates` (List of String) The default tax rates to apply to the subscription during this phase of the subscription schedule.
- `description` (String) Subscription description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription for rendering in Stripe surfaces and certain local payment methods UIs.
- `discounts` (Attributes List) The stackable discounts that will be applied to the subscription on this phase. Subscription item discounts are applied before subscription discounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--discounts))
- `duration` (Attributes) The number of intervals the phase should last. If set, `end_date` must not be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--duration))
- `end_date` (Number) The end of this phase of the subscription schedule.
- `invoice_settings` (Attributes) The invoice settings applicable during this phase. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--invoice_settings))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to a phase. Metadata on a schedule's phase will update the underlying subscription's `metadata` when the phase is entered. Updating the underlying subscription's `metadata` directly will not affect the current phase's `metadata`.
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The account (if any) the charge was made on behalf of for charges associated with the schedule's subscription. See the Connect documentation for details.
- `proration_behavior` (String) When transitioning phases, controls how prorations are handled (if any). Possible values are `create_prorations`, `none`, and `always_invoice`.
- `start_date` (Number) The start of this phase of the subscription schedule.
- `transfer_data` (Attributes) The account (if any) the associated subscription's payments will be attributed to for tax reporting, and where funds from each payment will be transferred to for each of the subscription's invoices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--transfer_data))
- `trial` (Boolean) If set to true the entire phase is counted as a trial and the customer will not be charged for any fees.
- `trial_end` (Number) When the trial ends within the phase.

<a id="nestedatt--phases--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.items`

Optional:

- `billing_thresholds` (Attributes) Define thresholds at which an invoice will be sent, and the related subscription advanced to a new billing period (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--items--billing_thresholds))
- `discounts` (Attributes List) The discounts applied to the subscription item. Subscription item discounts are applied before subscription discounts. Use `expand[]=discounts` to expand each discount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--items--discounts))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an item. Metadata on this item will update the underlying subscription item's `metadata` when the phase is entered.
- `plan` (String) ID of the plan to which the customer should be subscribed.
- `price` (String) ID of the price to which the customer should be subscribed.
- `price_data` (Attributes) Data used to generate a new [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) object inline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--items--price_data))
- `quantity` (Number) Quantity of the plan to which the customer should be subscribed.
- `tax_rates` (List of String) The tax rates which apply to this `phase_item`. When set, the `default_tax_rates` on the phase do not apply to this `phase_item`.

<a id="nestedatt--phases--items--billing_thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.items.billing_thresholds`

Required:

- `usage_gte` (Number) Usage threshold that triggers the subscription to create an invoice


<a id="nestedatt--phases--items--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.items.discounts`

Optional:

- `coupon` (String) ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.
- `discount` (String) ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.
- `promotion_code` (String) ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.


<a id="nestedatt--phases--items--price_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.items.price_data`

Required:

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `product` (String) The ID of the [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products) that this [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) will belong to.
- `recurring` (Attributes) The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `interval_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--items--price_data--recurring))

Optional:

- `tax_behavior` (String) Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-(recommended)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `unit_amount` (Number) A positive integer in cents (or local equivalent) (or 0 for a free price) representing how much to charge.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (Number) Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents (or local equivalent) with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

<a id="nestedatt--phases--items--price_data--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.items.price_data.recurring`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Specifies billing frequency. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months. Maximum of three years interval allowed (3 years, 36 months, or 156 weeks).




<a id="nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.add_invoice_items`

Optional:

- `discountable` (Boolean) Controls whether discounts apply to this invoice item. Defaults to true if no value is provided.
- `discounts` (Attributes List) The stackable discounts that will be applied to the item. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--discounts))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `period` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--period))
- `price` (String) ID of the price used to generate the invoice item.
- `price_data` (Attributes) Data used to generate a new [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) object inline. One of `price` or `price_data` is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--price_data))
- `quantity` (Number) The quantity of the invoice item.
- `tax_rates` (List of String) The tax rates which apply to the item. When set, the `default_tax_rates` do not apply to this item.

<a id="nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.add_invoice_items.discounts`

Optional:

- `coupon` (String) ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.
- `discount` (String) ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.
- `promotion_code` (String) ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.


<a id="nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.add_invoice_items.period`

Required:

- `end` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--period--end))
- `start` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--period--start))

<a id="nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--period--end"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.add_invoice_items.period.end`

Required:

- `type` (String) Select how to calculate the end of the invoice item period.

Optional:

- `timestamp` (Number) A precise Unix timestamp for the end of the invoice item period. Must be greater than or equal to `period.start`.


<a id="nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--period--start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.add_invoice_items.period.start`

Required:

- `type` (String) Select how to calculate the start of the invoice item period.

Optional:

- `timestamp` (Number) A precise Unix timestamp for the start of the invoice item period. Must be less than or equal to `period.end`.



<a id="nestedatt--phases--add_invoice_items--price_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.add_invoice_items.price_data`

Required:

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `product` (String) The ID of the [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products) that this [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices) will belong to.

Optional:

- `tax_behavior` (String) Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-(recommended)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `unit_amount` (Number) A positive integer in cents (or local equivalent) (or 0 for a free price) representing how much to charge or a negative integer representing the amount to credit to the customer.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (Number) Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents (or local equivalent) with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.



<a id="nestedatt--phases--automatic_tax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.automatic_tax`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether Stripe automatically computes tax on invoices created during this phase.

Optional:

- `liability` (Attributes) The account that's liable for tax. If set, the business address and tax registrations required to perform the tax calculation are loaded from this account. The tax transaction is returned in the report of the connected account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--automatic_tax--liability))

Read-Only:

- `disabled_reason` (String) If Stripe disabled automatic tax, this enum describes why.

<a id="nestedatt--phases--automatic_tax--liability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.automatic_tax.liability`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--phases--billing_thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.billing_thresholds`

Optional:

- `amount_gte` (Number) Monetary threshold that triggers the subscription to create an invoice
- `reset_billing_cycle_anchor` (Boolean) Indicates if the `billing_cycle_anchor` should be reset when a threshold is reached. If true, `billing_cycle_anchor` will be updated to the date/time the threshold was last reached; otherwise, the value will remain unchanged. This value may not be `true` if the subscription contains items with plans that have `aggregate_usage=last_ever`.


<a id="nestedatt--phases--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.discounts`

Optional:

- `coupon` (String) ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.
- `discount` (String) ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.
- `promotion_code` (String) ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.


<a id="nestedatt--phases--duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.duration`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Specifies phase duration. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `interval_count` (Number) The multiplier applied to the interval.


<a id="nestedatt--phases--invoice_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.invoice_settings`

Optional:

- `account_tax_ids` (List of String) The account tax IDs associated with this phase of the subscription schedule. Will be set on invoices generated by this phase of the subscription schedule.
- `days_until_due` (Number) Number of days within which a customer must pay invoices generated by this subscription schedule. This value will be `null` for subscription schedules where `billing=charge_automatically`.
- `issuer` (Attributes) The connected account that issues the invoice. The invoice is presented with the branding and support information of the specified account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phases--invoice_settings--issuer))

<a id="nestedatt--phases--invoice_settings--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.invoice_settings.issuer`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the account referenced.

Optional:

- `account` (String) The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.



<a id="nestedatt--phases--transfer_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phases.transfer_data`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The account where funds from the payment will be transferred to upon payment success.

Optional:

- `amount_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.



<a id="nestedatt--current_phase"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_phase`

Read-Only:

- `end_date` (Number) The end of this phase of the subscription schedule.
- `start_date` (Number) The start of this phase of the subscription schedule.
