---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_tax_id Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can add one or multiple tax IDs to a customer https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers or account.
  Customer and account tax IDs get displayed on related invoices and credit notes.
  Related guides: Customer tax identification numbers https://docs.stripe.com/billing/taxes/tax-ids, Account tax IDs https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/connect#account-tax-ids
---

# stripe_tax_id (Resource)

You can add one or multiple tax IDs to a [customer](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers) or account.
Customer and account tax IDs get displayed on related invoices and credit notes.

Related guides: [Customer tax identification numbers](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/taxes/tax-ids), [Account tax IDs](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/connect#account-tax-ids)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `customer` (String) ID of the customer.
- `type` (String) Type of the tax ID, one of `ad_nrt`, `ae_trn`, `al_tin`, `am_tin`, `ao_tin`, `ar_cuit`, `au_abn`, `au_arn`, `aw_tin`, `az_tin`, `ba_tin`, `bb_tin`, `bd_bin`, `bf_ifu`, `bg_uic`, `bh_vat`, `bj_ifu`, `bo_tin`, `br_cnpj`, `br_cpf`, `bs_tin`, `by_tin`, `ca_bn`, `ca_gst_hst`, `ca_pst_bc`, `ca_pst_mb`, `ca_pst_sk`, `ca_qst`, `cd_nif`, `ch_uid`, `ch_vat`, `cl_tin`, `cm_niu`, `cn_tin`, `co_nit`, `cr_tin`, `cv_nif`, `de_stn`, `do_rcn`, `ec_ruc`, `eg_tin`, `es_cif`, `et_tin`, `eu_oss_vat`, `eu_vat`, `fo_vat`, `gb_vat`, `ge_vat`, `gi_tin`, `gn_nif`, `hk_br`, `hr_oib`, `hu_tin`, `id_npwp`, `il_vat`, `in_gst`, `is_vat`, `it_cf`, `jp_cn`, `jp_rn`, `jp_trn`, `ke_pin`, `kg_tin`, `kh_tin`, `kr_brn`, `kz_bin`, `la_tin`, `li_uid`, `li_vat`, `lk_vat`, `ma_vat`, `md_vat`, `me_pib`, `mk_vat`, `mr_nif`, `mx_rfc`, `my_frp`, `my_itn`, `my_sst`, `ng_tin`, `no_vat`, `no_voec`, `np_pan`, `nz_gst`, `om_vat`, `pe_ruc`, `ph_tin`, `pl_nip`, `py_ruc`, `ro_tin`, `rs_pib`, `ru_inn`, `ru_kpp`, `sa_vat`, `sg_gst`, `sg_uen`, `si_tin`, `sn_ninea`, `sr_fin`, `sv_nit`, `th_vat`, `tj_tin`, `tr_tin`, `tw_vat`, `tz_vat`, `ua_vat`, `ug_tin`, `us_ein`, `uy_ruc`, `uz_tin`, `uz_vat`, `ve_rif`, `vn_tin`, `za_vat`, `zm_tin`, or `zw_tin`. Note that some legacy tax IDs have type `unknown`
- `value` (String) Value of the tax ID.

### Read-Only

- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO code representing the country of the tax ID.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `customer_account` (String) ID of the Account representing the customer.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `owner` (Attributes) The account or customer the tax ID belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `verification` (Attributes) Tax ID verification information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verification))

<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account being referenced when `type` is `account`.
- `application` (String) The Connect Application being referenced when `type` is `application`.
- `customer` (String) The customer being referenced when `type` is `customer`.
- `customer_account` (String) The Account representing the customer being referenced when `type` is `customer`.
- `type` (String) Type of owner referenced.


<a id="nestedatt--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verification`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Verification status, one of `pending`, `verified`, `unverified`, or `unavailable`.
- `verified_address` (String) Verified address.
- `verified_name` (String) Verified name.
