---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_tax_rate Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Tax rates can be applied to invoices, subscriptions and Checkout Sessions to collect tax.
  Related guide: Tax rates
---

# stripe_tax_rate (Resource)

Tax rates can be applied to [invoices](/invoicing/taxes/tax-rates), [subscriptions](/billing/taxes/tax-rates) and [Checkout Sessions](/payments/checkout/use-manual-tax-rates) to collect tax.

Related guide: [Tax rates](/billing/taxes/tax-rates)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the tax rates as it will appear to your customer on their receipt email, PDF, and the hosted invoice page.
- `inclusive` (Boolean) This specifies if the tax rate is inclusive or exclusive.
- `percentage` (Number) Tax rate percentage out of 100. For tax calculations with automatic_tax[enabled]=true, this percentage includes the statutory tax rate of non-taxable jurisdictions.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Defaults to `true`. When set to `false`, this tax rate cannot be used with new applications or Checkout Sessions, but will still work for subscriptions and invoices that already have it set.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the tax rate for your internal use only. It will not be visible to your customers.
- `jurisdiction` (String) The jurisdiction for the tax rate. You can use this label field for tax reporting purposes. It also appears on your customer’s invoice.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `state` (String) [ISO 3166-2 subdivision code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2), without country prefix. For example, "NY" for New York, United States.
- `tax_type` (String) The high-level tax type, such as `vat` or `sales_tax`.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `effective_percentage` (Number) Actual/effective tax rate percentage out of 100. For tax calculations with automatic_tax[enabled]=true,
this percentage reflects the rate actually used to calculate tax based on the product's taxability
and whether the user is registered to collect taxes in the corresponding jurisdiction.
- `flat_amount` (Attributes) The amount of the tax rate when the `rate_type` is `flat_amount`. Tax rates with `rate_type` `percentage` can vary based on the transaction, resulting in this field being `null`. This field exposes the amount and currency of the flat tax rate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flat_amount))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `jurisdiction_level` (String) The level of the jurisdiction that imposes this tax rate. Will be `null` for manually defined tax rates.
- `livemode` (Boolean) If the object exists in live mode, the value is `true`. If the object exists in test mode, the value is `false`.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `rate_type` (String) Indicates the type of tax rate applied to the taxable amount. This value can be `null` when no tax applies to the location. This field is only present for TaxRates created by Stripe Tax.

<a id="nestedatt--flat_amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flat_amount`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) Amount of the tax when the `rate_type` is `flat_amount`. This positive integer represents how much to charge in the smallest currency unit (e.g., 100 cents to charge $1.00 or 100 to charge ¥100, a zero-decimal currency). The amount value supports up to eight digits (e.g., a value of 99999999 for a USD charge of $999,999.99).
- `currency` (String) Three-letter ISO currency code, in lowercase.
