---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_v2_billing_rate_card_rate Resource - terraform-provider-stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Rate Card Rate represents a single usage-based price within a Rate Card. Each rate binds to one Metered Item and defines the pricing structure for that item, including either a flat unit amount or tiered pricing. Rates support features like graduated or volume-based tiering, quantity transformations, and custom pricing units.
---

# stripe_v2_billing_rate_card_rate (Resource)

A Rate Card Rate represents a single usage-based price within a Rate Card. Each rate binds to one Metered Item and defines the pricing structure for that item, including either a flat unit amount or tiered pricing. Rates support features like graduated or volume-based tiering, quantity transformations, and custom pricing units.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metered_item` (String) The Metered Item that this rate binds to.
- `rate_card_id` (String) Path parameter: rate_card_id

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `tiering_mode` (String) Defines whether the tiered price should be graduated or volume-based. In volume-based tiering, the maximum quantity within a period determines the per-unit price. In graduated tiering, the pricing changes as the quantity grows into new tiers. One of `unit_amount`, `tiers`, or `custom_pricing_unit_amount` is required.
- `tiers` (Block List) Each element represents a pricing tier. One of `unit_amount`, `tiers`, or `custom_pricing_unit_amount` is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tiers))
- `unit_amount` (String) The per-unit amount to be charged, represented as a decimal string in minor currency units with at most 12 decimal places. One of `unit_amount`, `tiers`, or `custom_pricing_unit_amount` is required.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `rate_card` (String) The ID of the Rate Card it belongs to.
- `rate_card_version` (String) The ID of the Rate Card Version it was created on.

<a id="nestedblock--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiers`

Optional:

- `flat_amount` (String) Price for the entire tier, represented as a decimal string in minor currency units with at most 12 decimal places.
- `unit_amount` (String) Per-unit price for units included in this tier, represented as a decimal string in minor currency units with at most 12 decimal places.
- `up_to_decimal` (String) Up to and including this quantity will be contained in the tier. Only one of `up_to_decimal` and `up_to_inf` may be set.
- `up_to_inf` (String) No upper bound to this tier. Only one of `up_to_decimal` and `up_to_inf` may be set.
