---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_v2_billing_pricing_plan_component Resource - terraform-provider-stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Pricing Plan Component represents an individual billing element within a Pricing Plan. Components can be Rate Cards for usage-based charges, License Fees for recurring fixed charges, or Service Actions for recurring credit grants. Each component is associated with a specific version of the Pricing Plan and defines one aspect of how customers are billed.
---

# stripe_v2_billing_pricing_plan_component (Resource)

A Pricing Plan Component represents an individual billing element within a Pricing Plan. Components can be Rate Cards for usage-based charges, License Fees for recurring fixed charges, or Service Actions for recurring credit grants. Each component is associated with a specific version of the Pricing Plan and defines one aspect of how customers are billed.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pricing_plan_id` (String) Path parameter: pricing_plan_id
- `type` (String) The type of the PricingPlanComponent.

### Optional

- `license_fee` (Block List, Max: 1) Details if this component is a License Fee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--license_fee))
- `lookup_key` (String) An identifier that can be used to find this component.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `rate_card` (Block List, Max: 1) Details if this component is a Rate Card. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rate_card))
- `service_action` (Block List, Max: 1) Details if this component is a Service Action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_action))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `pricing_plan` (String) The ID of the Pricing Plan this component belongs to.
- `pricing_plan_version` (String) The ID of the Pricing Plan Version this component belongs to.

<a id="nestedblock--license_fee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `license_fee`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the License Fee.

Optional:

- `version` (String) The version of the LicenseFee. Defaults to 'latest', if not specified.


<a id="nestedblock--rate_card"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_card`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Rate Card.

Optional:

- `version` (String) The version of the RateCard. Defaults to 'latest', if not specified.


<a id="nestedblock--service_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_action`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the service action.
