---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_v2_billing_rate_card Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Rate Card represents a versioned set of usage-based prices (rates). Each rate is associated with one Metered Item and defines how much to charge for usage of that item. After you've set up a RateCard, you can subscribe customers to it by creating a Rate Card Subscription.
---

# stripe_v2_billing_rate_card (Resource)

A Rate Card represents a versioned set of usage-based prices (rates). Each rate is associated with one Metered Item and defines how much to charge for usage of that item. After you've set up a RateCard, you can subscribe customers to it by creating a Rate Card Subscription.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `currency` (String) The currency of this RateCard.
- `display_name` (String) A customer-facing name for the RateCard. This name is used in Stripe-hosted products like the Customer Portal and Checkout. It does not show up on Invoices. Maximum length of 250 characters.
- `service_interval` (String) The interval for assessing service. For example, a monthly RateCard with a rate of $1 for the first 10 \"workloads\" and $2 thereafter means \"$1 per workload up to 10 workloads during a month of service.\" This is similar to but distinct from billing interval; the service interval deals with the rate at which the customer accumulates fees, while the billing interval in Cadence deals with the rate the customer is billed.
- `service_interval_count` (Number) The length of the interval for assessing service. For example, set this to 3 and `service_interval` to `\"month\"` in order to specify quarterly service.
- `tax_behavior` (String) The Stripe Tax tax behavior - whether the rates are inclusive or exclusive of tax.

### Optional

- `lookup_key` (String) An internal key you can use to search for a particular RateCard. Maximum length of 200 characters.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
