---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_v2_billing_service_action Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a stripe_v2_billing_service_action resource in Stripe.
---

# stripe_v2_billing_service_action (Resource)

Manages a stripe_v2_billing_service_action resource in Stripe.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service_interval` (String) The interval for assessing service.
- `service_interval_count` (Number) The length of the interval for assessing service.
- `type` (String) The type of the service action.

### Optional

- `credit_grant` (Block List, Max: 1) Details for the credit grant. Required if `type` is `credit_grant`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credit_grant))
- `lookup_key` (String) An internal key you can use to search for this service action. Maximum length of 200 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--credit_grant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credit_grant`

Required:

- `amount` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The amount of the credit grant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credit_grant--amount))
- `applicability_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Defines the scope where the credit grant is applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credit_grant--applicability_config))
- `expiry_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The expiry configuration for the credit grant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credit_grant--expiry_config))
- `name` (String) A descriptive name shown in dashboard.

Optional:

- `category` (String) The category of the credit grant.
- `priority` (Number) The desired priority for applying this credit grant. If not specified, it will be set to the default value of 50. The highest priority is 0 and the lowest is 100.

<a id="nestedblock--credit_grant--amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credit_grant.amount`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the credit grant amount. We currently support `monetary` and `custom_pricing_unit` billing credits.

Optional:

- `custom_pricing_unit` (Block List, Max: 1) The custom pricing unit amount of the credit grant. Required if `type` is `custom_pricing_unit`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credit_grant--amount--custom_pricing_unit))
- `monetary` (Block List, Max: 1) The monetary amount of the credit grant. Required if `type` is `monetary`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credit_grant--amount--monetary))

<a id="nestedblock--credit_grant--amount--custom_pricing_unit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credit_grant.amount.custom_pricing_unit`

Required:

- `id` (String) The id of the custom pricing unit.
- `value` (String) The value of the credit grant, decimal value represented as a string.


<a id="nestedblock--credit_grant--amount--monetary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credit_grant.amount.monetary`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) A non-negative integer representing how much to charge in the [smallest currency unit](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies#minor-units).
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).



<a id="nestedblock--credit_grant--applicability_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credit_grant.applicability_config`

Required:

- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The applicability scope of the credit grant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credit_grant--applicability_config--scope))

<a id="nestedblock--credit_grant--applicability_config--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credit_grant.applicability_config.scope`

Optional:

- `billable_items` (List of String) The billable items to apply the credit grant to.
- `price_type` (String) The price type that credit grants can apply to. We currently only support the `metered` price type. This will apply to metered prices and rate cards. Cannot be used in combination with `billable_items`.



<a id="nestedblock--credit_grant--expiry_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credit_grant.expiry_config`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the expiry configuration. We currently support `end_of_service_period`.
