---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_v2_billing_metered_item Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Metered Item represents a billable item whose pricing is based on usage, measured by a meter. You can use rate cards to specify the pricing and create subscriptions to these items.
---

# stripe_v2_billing_metered_item (Resource)

A Metered Item represents a billable item whose pricing is based on usage, measured by a meter. You can use rate cards to specify the pricing and create subscriptions to these items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Description that customers will see in the invoice line item. Maximum length of 250 characters.
- `meter` (String) ID of the Meter that measures usage for this Metered Item.

### Optional

- `invoice_presentation_dimensions` (List of String) Optional array of Meter dimensions to group event dimension keys for invoice line items.
- `lookup_key` (String) An internal key you can use to search for a particular billable item. Must be unique among billable items. Maximum length of 200 characters.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `meter_segment_conditions` (Block List) Optional array of Meter segments to filter event dimension keys for billing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meter_segment_conditions))
- `unit_label` (String) The unit to use when displaying prices for this billable item in places like Checkout. For example, set this field to \"CPU-hour\" for Checkout to display \"(price) per CPU-hour\", or \"1 million events\" to display \"(price) per 1 million events\". Maximum length of 100 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--meter_segment_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meter_segment_conditions`

Required:

- `dimension` (String) A Meter dimension.
- `value` (String) To count usage towards this metered item, the dimension must have this value.
