---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_v2_billing_license_fee Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a stripe_v2_billing_license_fee resource in Stripe.
---

# stripe_v2_billing_license_fee (Resource)

Manages a stripe_v2_billing_license_fee resource in Stripe.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `currency` (String) Three-letter ISO currency code, in lowercase. Must be a supported currency.
- `display_name` (String) A customer-facing name for the License Fee. This name is used in Stripe-hosted products like the Customer Portal and Checkout. It does not show up on Invoices. Maximum length of 250 characters.
- `licensed_item` (String) The Licensed Item that this License Fee binds to.
- `service_interval` (String) The interval for assessing service. For example, a monthly license fee with a rate of $1 for the first 10 \"workloads\" and $2 thereafter means \"$1 per workload up to 10 workloads during a month of service.\" This is similar to but distinct from billing interval; the service interval deals with the rate at which the customer accumulates fees, while the billing interval in Cadence deals with the rate the customer is billed.
- `service_interval_count` (Number) The length of the interval for assessing service. For example, set this to 3 and `service_interval` to `\"month\"` in order to specify quarterly service.
- `tax_behavior` (String) The Stripe Tax tax behavior - whether the license fee is inclusive or exclusive of tax.

### Optional

- `lookup_key` (String) An internal key you can use to search for a particular license fee. Maximum length of 200 characters.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `tiering_mode` (String) Defines whether the tiered price should be graduated or volume-based. In volume-based tiering, the maximum quantity within a period determines the per-unit price. In graduated tiering, the pricing changes as the quantity grows into new tiers. Can only be set if `tiers` is set.
- `tiers` (Block List) Each element represents a pricing tier. Cannot be set if `unit_amount` is provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tiers))
- `unit_amount` (String) The per-unit amount to be charged, represented as a decimal string in minor currency units with at most 12 decimal places. Cannot be set if `tiers` is provided.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiers`

Optional:

- `flat_amount` (String) Price for the entire tier, represented as a decimal string in minor currency units with at most 12 decimal places.
- `unit_amount` (String) Per-unit price for units included in this tier, represented as a decimal string in minor currency units with at most 12 decimal places.
- `up_to_decimal` (String) Up to and including this quantity will be contained in the tier. Only one of `up_to_decimal` and `up_to_inf` may be set.
- `up_to_inf` (String) No upper bound to this tier. Only one of `up_to_decimal` and `up_to_inf` may be set.
