---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_v2_core_event_destination Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Set up an event destination to receive events from Stripe across multiple destination types, including webhook endpoints https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks and Amazon EventBridge https://docs.stripe.com/event-destinations/eventbridge. Event destinations support receiving thin events https://docs.stripe.com/api/v2/events and snapshot events https://docs.stripe.com/api/events.
---

# stripe_v2_core_event_destination (Resource)

Set up an event destination to receive events from Stripe across multiple destination types, including [webhook endpoints](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks) and [Amazon EventBridge](https://docs.stripe.com/event-destinations/eventbridge). Event destinations support receiving [thin events](https://docs.stripe.com/api/v2/events) and [snapshot events](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled_events` (List of String) The list of events to enable for this endpoint.
- `event_payload` (String) Payload type of events being subscribed to.
- `name` (String) Event destination name.
- `type` (String) Event destination type.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `amazon_eventbridge` (Block List) Amazon EventBridge configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--amazon_eventbridge))
- `azure_event_grid` (Attributes) Azure Event Grid configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_event_grid))
- `description` (String) An optional description of what the event destination is used for.
- `events_from` (List of String) Specifies which accounts' events route to this destination.
`@self`: Receive events from the account that owns the event destination.
`@accounts`: Receive events emitted from other accounts you manage which includes your v1 and v2 accounts.
`@organization_members`: Receive events from accounts directly linked to the organization.
`@organization_members/@accounts`: Receive events from all accounts connected to any platform accounts in the organization.
- `include` (List of String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Additional fields to include in the response.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata.
- `snapshot_api_version` (String) If using the snapshot event payload, the API version events are rendered as.
- `webhook_endpoint` (Block List) Webhook endpoint configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook_endpoint))

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Time at which the object was created.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value of the object field.
- `status` (String) Status. It can be set to either enabled or disabled.
- `status_details` (Attributes) Additional information about event destination status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status_details))
- `updated` (String) Time at which the object was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--amazon_eventbridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `amazon_eventbridge`

Required:

- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID.
- `aws_region` (String) The region of the AWS event source.

Read-Only:

- `aws_event_source_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS event source.
- `aws_event_source_status` (String) The state of the AWS event source.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_event_grid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_event_grid`

Required:

- `azure_region` (String) The Azure region.
- `azure_resource_group_name` (String) The name of the Azure resource group.
- `azure_subscription_id` (String) The Azure subscription ID.

Read-Only:

- `azure_partner_topic_name` (String) The name of the Azure partner topic.
- `azure_partner_topic_status` (String) The status of the Azure partner topic.


<a id="nestedblock--webhook_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_endpoint`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL of the webhook endpoint, includable.

Read-Only:

- `signing_secret` (String) The signing secret of the webhook endpoint, only includable on creation.


<a id="nestedatt--status_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status_details`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Attributes) Details about why the event destination has been disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status_details--disabled))

<a id="nestedatt--status_details--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status_details.disabled`

Read-Only:

- `reason` (String) Reason event destination has been disabled.
